Rating	Review
1	"... mining horror out of moral quandary rather than mindless slaughter, Splice occasionally achieves a terrible beauty."
0	A thoroughly repulsive science fiction-horror flick that slicks up its B-movie tawdriness with high-gloss production values and two otherwise classy stars.
1	"Brody and Polley's performances keep the film grounded in a semblance of reality even when it threatens to go over the top near the end, and director Natali infuses the proceedings with a consistent sense of nail-biting dread."
0	"It wants to tour the scarred human psyche, yet the cobbled-together screenplay is silly when it should be spooky, cold when it should boil over and dumb when it should be smart."
1	"[It's] witty, aware of its own craziness, and disarmingly insightful about the psychology of its characters."
1	"This Cronenbergian exploration of the perils of inter-species gene-splicing wrestles with some topical and disturbing ideas, but never quite pins them down."
0	
1	"Deftly sustaining many points of view, engrossing feature begins to seem overloaded only toward the end."
1	"No hour-and-a-half documentary can do much more than scratch the surface of the issue, but Mathew and DeVivo provide an excellent primer and some human faces on the front lines."
1	"Crossing Arizona doesn't propose many solutions, but it's best when it's giving us an on-the-ground feel for the people who live closest to a problem that continues to dominate the news."
1	The filmmakers' point is undeniable: Two governments have deftly pitted working and hoping-to-work folk against each other to cruel effect.
0	"Cute and clever though the plot may be, everything is played out in the broadest possible terms without an iota of nuance or subtlety."
1	"It's Complicated is middle-aged porn, the specialty of Meyers, ??who also set ladies and interior ??decorators drooling over homes and gardens in 2006's The Holiday."
0	The story's not entirely predictable. Yet it's anything but complicated.
1	"Streep and Baldwin are terrific, and if you like your romance bittersweet you won't want to miss this one."
1	This is a comfort zone for such viewers even if the characters are no more real than the models in Vanity Fair ads.
1	A silly but mostly delectable holiday confection guaranteed to put a smile on your face and keep it there.
1	You don't have to feel guilty for lapping up this froth. Just don't expect nourishment.
1	Beneath this movie's gleaming high-end surfaces beats the heart of a classic screwball comedy.
0	"Meyers uses musical montages and shoots the principals doubling over in laughter in place of crafting witty dialogue. Escapism has its place at the movies, but something this slick is like a lavishly wrapped but empty Christmas present."
1	"Meyers has dropped something a bit more subtle than her usual anvil. This one is more like a mere tire iron, but at least we've got Baldwin: He's the pixie dust that chases away the ensuing headache."
0	I found myself wishing for more shallows and fewer depths.
1	"The empowerment message is obvious, the strain of trying to be ""hip"" and edgy in the script shows. But Meyers sets the table for funny people to deliver laughs."
1	"Say this for Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin, and Steve Martin: They're professionals, and their relaxed chemistry and good humor together carries the film surprisingly far."
0	Does Nancy Meyers hate women?
1	"It's simply a good time, a relatively adult and easygoing conveyance for three ace performers of a certain age, working through a few comic machinations created by writer-director Nancy Meyers."
1	Snappy dialogue and an up-tempo pop soundtrack add to It's Complicated's entertaining mix as director Nancy Meyers proves again that she has a deft hand with rom-coms.
0	"Meyers demonstrates, as she did in Something's Gotta Give and The Holiday, an extraordinarily limited worldview."
0	"Meyers does her job pretty well. She's a clever contriver, adept at adding a patina of apparent relevance, even a veneer of feminism, to situations that are otherwise bogus and artificial."
0	"It's Complicated is a rearrangement of the goods in Nancy Meyers' bakery, and some of them belong on the day-old shelf."
1	"Yes, it coulda had more laughs, but in the spirit of seasonal good cheer, let me predict that the best-chocolate-croissant-making montage in Hollywood history is going to help this one clean up at the box office."
1	"With a story that by turns defies and adheres to formulas, It's Complicated ends up being one of the end-year's best sources of pure entertainment."
1	"It's Complicated unleashes an unabashedly, desperately romantic side of Baldwin that we haven't seen before. He doesn't steal this movie so much as grant all Streep's fluttering and twirling and hand-fanning an exuberant counterweight."
0	"There's nothing inherently wrong with a little fantasy; indeed, a lot of us like gazing at lavishly set tables and meticulously chosen throw pillows. But It's Complicated suffers from terminal niceness."
0	"Actually, Hollywood, it's very simple: If you're lucky enough to rope pros like Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin into a formulaic comedy that's clearly beneath them, you rise to the occasion."
1	The romantic comedy about a divorced couple having an affair manages to be both light on its feet and heavy enough to deliver something of a message.
1	I enjoyed the spectacle of middle-aged people making spectacles of themselves. And I appreciated the film's gentle understanding of how the romance of a parent affects the children.
1	"The truth is that everyone needs a little coddling, which could be the key to Ms. Meyers's peculiar talent: She pampers her audience shamelessly."
0	"A movie that's one-third hilarious is better than no thirds at all, but look at the cast: Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin. Doesn't that promise a somewhat larger fraction of laughs?"
1	"For Streep, as always, acting is anything but complicated."
0	There are four reasons to see this movie and writer-director Nancy Meyers isn't one.
1	"It's Complicated is basically Wild Hogs for smart people, big stars playing below their gifts in a crowd-pleasing movie."
0	"[Meyers has] given us her thinnest slice of comic relationship angst yet, proving, I guess, that you actually can be too thin."
0	"Writer-director Meyers, who's devoted much of her career to midlife American arousal, that she loses her sense of fun."
1	"Simply put, It's Complicated is a hoot."
1	Streep's dilemma is handled well enough for the movie to accumulate some gravitas as it nears the two-hour mark.
1	"Streep is as enjoyable as ever, and if laughs count for anything, this is one of the better romantic comedies of the season."
1	It's Complicated is the kind of wholesome adult-oriented entertainment that once formed the bedrock of classical Hollywood.
1	"For me, Meyers's romcoms have been unwatchable because of the utter fakeness of their leading players: but I must confess, Baldwin and Streep do have that most over-analysed thing, ""chemistry."""
1	"No one's calling it great art. But as an indulgent confection, it's more filling and less embarrassing than we had any right to expect."
1	"It may not be the saviour of romantic comedies, but this is an enjoyable film with great leads and comic chops. Complicated? Not really, but it is a laugh."
1	"It's Complicated is another Streepshow, like Mamma Mia, that illustrates the power and willingness of Hollywood's best actress to slough inhibitions like Salome's veils."
0	"On it drags, simpering the while over the lavish accoutrements of upper-middle-class life as though they contained the key to all happiness - which, in Meyers's worldview, they probably do."
0	A slice of pure Hollywood hokum overstaying its welcome by at least 15 long minutes.
1	"A refined, balanced and eminently funny film, featuring three sublime performances from its incredibly talented leads."
1	"It's really not all that complicated. But it is entertaining. It's pure, simple fun, with Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin playing Doris Day and Rock Hudson as they might have been if they had ruled in the sexually knowing oughts, instead of the virginal ear"
1	
0	
1	"The movie won't take you to the top of the mountain or leave you with memories and references for discussion, but you won't be bored if you see it. Without compromising my standards, I can give this film an unqualified +."
1	Every once in a while it's good to see a movie that makes the blood boil.
1	"Skillful, unsparing and blessed with a great protagonist, The Cove is smart enough to stir up as much interest in its cause as Who Killed the Electric Car? did with the shuttered EV1, provided its post-festival word of mouth continues to build."
1	The end of The Cove is as rousing as anything from Hollywood. Manipulative? Sure -- but isn't that fitting?
1	"The Cove is properly enchanting, horrifying, and rousing, but it comes dangerously close to making the narcissistic case that dolphins deserve to be saved because they're cute and breathe air like we do."
1	"Casting a very wide net, this powerful polemic is simultaneously a love letter to a beloved species, an eye-opening primer on worldwide dolphin captivity, a playful paranoid thriller and a work of deep-seated (if sometimes hot-headed) moral outrage."
1	A documentary that mixes advocacy journalism with the suspenseful thrill of a caper.
1	It's both an educational work of art and a classic espionage tale.
1	"A suspenseful, compelling indictment of Japan's deadly dolphin-exploitation industry."
1	The Cove doesn't always give you the facts you want. Yet its images of blood in the water are worth a thousand preachy words.
1	"It has the breathless pace of a Bourne movie, but none of the comfort of fiction. This is documentary filmmaking at its most exciting and purposeful."
1	"The Cove offers a lot to think about in terms of the future of fishing, and Psihoyos' gift for using fiction-feature conventions does make a seemingly unpalatable subject entertaining."
1	"The effectiveness of The Cove also comes from its explosive cinematic craft, its surprising good humor and its pure excitement."
1	"Two fins up for The Cove, a documentary that whales on evil Japanese fishermen who kill dolphins for lunch meat."
1	The Cove's story of a quiet village in Japan that specializes in clandestine dolphin slaughter is quite consciously structured as a thriller by director Louie Psihoyos who won an audience award for it at Sundance.
1	"This film is less a work of journalism than a call to activism; movies like The Cove, to a certain extent, preach to the converted."
0	"The film makes its case graphically, to say the least, yet muddies its bloody waters with an excess of artifice and a dearth of facts."
1	"The movie is a Trojan horse: an exceptionally well-made documentary that unfolds like a spy thriller, complete with bugged hotel rooms, clandestine derring-do and mysterious men in gray flannel suits."
1	"For a generation that grew up with Flipper and The Day of the Dolphin, the tense, powerful new documentary, The Cove, is a horror movie."
1	"The Cove is a thriller in a classical sense. It's the first of these movies to tell a story with more than stock footage and on-camera interviews. It also smartly refracts a major ethical, ecological problem through the prism of guerrilla events."
1	"A gripping thriller about dolphin trafficking, The Cove is an eco-mentary that's as passionate and persuasive an argument for change as An Inconvenient Truth."
1	There are many documentaries angry about the human destruction of the planetary peace. This is one of the very best -- a certain Oscar nominee.
1	"There are five minutes in this documentary that ought to be mandatory viewing. The entire 90 minutes is utterly compelling, but the five alone are worth the price of admission."
1	"The film is paced like a thriller, written as an expose and intended as a call to arms for ecologists, animal lovers and moviegoers around the world."
1	"Psihoyos and his team got the footage they were after -- thanks to meticulous planning, lots of furtive sneaking around and the judicious placement of underwater microphones and cameras disguised as rocks."
1	"Beyond the high-stakes game of cat and mouse, the film explores the mysterious relationship between humans and dolphins and the unexplainable connection between our two species."
1	"Directed by Louie Psihoyos, this well-intentioned documentary exposes the harvesting of dolphins by Japanese fishermen, yet its theatrics suggest a cross between reality TV and Mission: Impossible."
1	The Cove is one of the best in a growing class of nonfiction films
1	The Cove plays like the James Bond version of an environmental doc. It could also be viewed as a horror movie for the carnage it depicts. Yet it's quite simply one of the year's best movies.
1	"It is filmmaking not just in the service of the environment, but in the service of a victim, and while that victim may have flippers and fins, it is straight from central casting."
1	"It is put together so smartly you can almost feel the urgency - from the patient set-up, which lays on the information and statistics without getting boring or too preachy, to the horrific finale."
1	"It is overwhelming, compelling and very depressing. In short, The Cove does its job very, very well."
1	"As the subject of a documentary, this grim enterprise distinctly lacks the warm and fuzzy appeal of The March of the Penguins. So director Louie Psihoyos ingeniously reinvents his film as a spy caper."
1	"In effect, by looking at nature The Cove shows us what it means to be human."
1	"The Cove is guerrilla journalism at its best. Structured and paced by director Louie Psihoyos as a thriller/caper movie, it brings audience-grabbing cinematic conventions to work in telling its story of dolphin genocide"
1	There's an effective thriller element to this vividly assembled doc.
1	"The great strength of this documentary about the covert killing of wild dolphins in Japan is its aesthetic: artful edits, zippy music, even a few jokes. Radical stuff for an eco-documentary."
1	"One would imagine, and hope, that an Oscar nomination beckons."
1	"Facts, stats and grim archive footage help build up a convincing if one-sided case, but it is the film's revelatory covert recording that encapsulates the true power of documentary cinema."
1	Restrained and harrowing.
1	"The Cove does what every great documentary with a cause should: It educates, entertains, and inspires audiences to take action."
1	
0	
1	A menacing pseudo-horror thriller with arty aspirations.
0	Du Welz never manages to generate enough menace - this is no Apocalypse Now.
1	A dark and pessimistic drama which goes slap-happily mad towards the end but keeps you watching all the same.
1	"The buoyant little comedy 12:08 East of Bucharest puts its finger on the problem in the best tradition of East European humor, savvy but concrete, gentle but sharp as a knife."
1	"Though it is modest, almost anecdotal, in scale, 12:08 East of Bucharest is also characterized by a precise and sneaky formal wit."
1	The most hilarious movie I've seen this year.
1	A casually bleak and neatly structured ensemble comedy -- at once deadpan and bemused.
1	A bleakly hilarious movie.
1	"12:08 East of Bucharest is a shrewdly built comedy, but the characters are broad-verging-on-cheap unholy hick fools."
1	Corneliu Porumboiu's picture would submerge you in alcoholic despair if it weren't so damn funny. (That seems to be the Romanian mode of expression.)
1	"It's easy to end a film with the idea that life goes on. It's extremely difficult to make the cliche the only possible, necessary and satisfying ending. Porumboiu's film does that."
1	"It's a dark little ride, but at the end the lights hesitantly flicker back on."
1	[It] builds a sly and unexpected human comedy out of a dispute over whether a revolution would still be a revolution if nobody showed up.
1	Live television going down in flames is always good for a laugh.
1	The only problem with the new Romanian cinema seems to be titles few can easily remember - but some eccentricity is permissible when the films are so good.
1	"A melancholy rumination on the failed hopes of Eastern Europe after the Cold War, infused with a sense of farce and the irrecoverable nature of the past."
1	A terrifically droll and slyly incisive comedy.
1	"The central European tradition of failed aspirations, lost ideals and forlorn eccentrics goes back to early Forman, or indeed Chekhov, but the Latin Romanians bring their own awareness of the distant big city alternately beckoning and frightening."
1	"It won the best first film award at Cannes; somehow, it doesn't seem quite substantial enough to justify that accolade."
1	"Beautifully observed and very funny, this film is a real treat."
1	"A funny, gentle film that understands the wearying nature of political upheaval."
1	Black comedy with a subtle political edge.
1	"12:08 East of Bucharest cleverly takes on the aftermath of the December 1989 revolution in Romania that resulted in the overthrow of Nicolae Ceaucescu. It's a movie that seems simple, yet its subtle and brilliant complexity is not to be denied."
1	"Porumboiu's satire about history and short memories is a modest, deadpan masterpiece."
0	"12:08 East of Bucharest is easier to admire than enjoy, funnier to describe than actually watch."
1	"Dry comedies from eastern Europe tend to cast a skeptical eye on anything and everything, which is certainly the case with Corneliu Porumboiu's debut feature."
1	
1	
0	"Clearly a labor of love, but one destined perhaps to be loved by a very select few."
1	"Mary And Max is original, personal, funny and moving; a film of warmth and compassion from a major artist."
1	"Only long after the film, and with considerable effort, do you have to remind yourself that what you went all weak-kneed and misty-eyed over was a blob of plasticine -- a superbly directed blob of plasticine."
1	Remarkable and poignant...
0	The mixture of artistic sophistication and emotional crudeness cancel each other out.
1	"In a perverse and often immature way, it forthrightly deals with mature issues of love, friendship, forgiveness and mental health. It requires a mature audience, but an audience nonetheless."
1	"While perhaps it doesn't fully sustain its 90-odd-minute running time, Mary and Max is a moving celebration of oddness and friendship."
0	"Too long and wretched for children (Max is obese, receives electric shock therapy, and lives a life of neurotic misery) and yet surely too ""kooky"" for any sane adult (irritatingly camp words such as ""smudgling"")."
1	"A very odd, very unlikely animated film from Australia that manages to be sickly-cute, alarmingly grotesque, and right-on at the same time -- often in the very same scene."
1	"Up may be a really good film, but compared to Mary and Max it's an episode of Thundercats."
1	"Elliot is a talent eccentric enough to make Nick Park look like an office drone, and the serious sadness underpinning his vision only makes the humour work better."
1	"It's a 20-year story that absorbs and beguiles, despite the ugly subject matter."
1	"This clay animation feels as if it was written by the early Woody Allen. Actually the genius behind it is Adam Elliot, who wrote, designed and directed this eccentric, wryly funny story."
0	"Kabir Khan's New York -- part Bollywood potboiler, part overwrought examination of the war on terror -- is a slice of the Big Apple that you should skip."
0	"A predictable, brow-furrowing drama (sadly songless except for a couple of Sunday-in-the-park montage sequences) about the effects of 9/11 (and 9/11 paranoia) on some South Asian immigrants living in New York."
1	"It's a remarkable history, rich in comedy and occasionally heartbreaking, filled with wise reflections and strange digressions about the wonders of life."
1	"Although the film is a routine thriller with few surprises, it deserves attention because its topic, even eight years after Sept. 11, is one that many South Asian Americans still take very seriously."
1	"For quick, lively, family friendly entertainment, ""Puss in Boots"" works just fine, even in 3-D, which is integrated thoughtfully into the narrative and doesn't just feel like a gimmick."
1	Puss' origin story could easily stand on its own -- a testament to clever writing on the part of its creative team and an irresistible central performance by Antonio Banderas.
1	"Colorful, clever enough, free of cloying showbiz in-jokes, action-packed without being ridiculous about it and even well choreographed..."
1	"...simple, sincere and largely innocent."
1	"As good as Banderas and Hayek are together, Galifianakis is better, making Humpty-Dumpty, of all people, one of the more intriguing animated characters to come along in awhile. He's a nice surprise."
0	"Who needs a narrative when you've got a few funny lines (caught with catnip, Puss declares it's ""for my glaucoma""), a Morricone knockoff score and a climactic sequence with something we'll call Goosezilla?"
1	A cheerfully chaotic jumble of fairy tale and nursery rhyme characters parachuted into a Spanish storybook setting.
1	"Perhaps the most engaging thing about ""Puss in Boots"" is that it never takes itself too seriously."
1	"Puss made his debut in ""Shrek 2,"" then did time in the two decreasingly funny sequels. Now he's got a movie of his own, and not a moment too soon."
1	It's always a pleasure to find a family film that respects its audience all the way up the line.
1	"""Puss in Boots'' doesn't break any new ground in the storytelling department, and its reliance on go-go-go state-of-the-art action sequences grows wearying by the end, but the movie has a devilish wit that works for parent and child alike..."
0	"In the Shrek films, the joke of Puss in Boots, with his trilled consonants and penchant for chest-puffing sword duels, is that no one this cuddly should try to be this dashing. But in Puss in Boots, that joke wears out its welcome in 15 minutes."
1	"Even if they don't provide much lift, these boots were made for amusement."
0	"Even for a Shrek spin-off, Puss In Boots is mighty thin gruel, based more in outsized emotion than actual narrative."
1	I left dreaming of a world in which cats could tango - and when's the last time a movie did that?
1	"The cat came back. Good thing, too."
1	"Puss in Boots prances along on three basic truths. One, cats are funny. Two, vain Spanish cats in high-heeled musketeer boots are even funnier. Lastly, booted, vain Spanish cats voiced by a breathy Antonio Banderas are flat-out hilarious."
1	An almost purr-fect little film that even a dog owner can enjoy.
1	"It would overstate matters to say Puss in Boots leaves its cat holding the bag (we had to get that in). But it also leaves its hero awaiting a richer fable, one befitting his charms and his portrayer's talents."
1	"The character may be here to save the day, but the movie's only here to pass the time and it does that just fine."
1	It's the morally-cracked Humpty who provides the film's emotional trajectory. Puss in Boots is a fun feline frolic -- with just a little egg on its face.
1	Almost shockingly good. And not just because a lot of you will approach it with lowered expectations.
1	"With his impeccable comic timing and lyrical Spanish accent, Banderas' swashbuckling charmer is an undeniable treat."
0	"Basically, this toon is a tired riff on Sergio Leone's spaghetti Westerns, punctuated by more puns and cat jokes than you can shake a litter box at."
1	"The moment that Puss made his debut in Shrek 2, dramatically voiced by Antonio Banderas, and all but walked away with the picture, it was clear that DreamWorks Animation had created a resonant character."
1	"'Puss in Boots' is uneven, but when it's on course, cat fans will be in heaven."
1	"It's all amiable stuff, with a perfectly decent script, and the feline hero lapping his milk gets an indulgent laugh."
0	"Most of the jokes fit into two categories: ""Ha ha, he's Spanish"" and ""Ha ha, he's a cat""."
1	"Puss in Boots is very jolly for an hour. Then, like Santa Claus misjudging a chimney, it gets stuck at the moment we hope it will break free and distribute the festive gifts."
1	this western-parodying cat-with-too-many-names is closer to Rango than to anything from the Kingdom of Far Far Away.
1	"What kids will get from it is plenty of fairly outrageous but not often witty fun with fairytale elements blended into a kind of latterday spaghetti western. For the rest of us, there is plenty of nice visual detail."
1	Genuinely funny but amateurishly constructed.
0	
0	"Does the thought of watching grown men act like socially awkward boy wonders, while everyone tries not to look confused at their golly-gee shenanigans, crack you up?"
0	"Not surprisingly, especially for a movie heavy on college humor, the results are hit-and-miss. Some bits fall thuddingly flat, and the characters are rarely more than stick figures."
1	"Smutty, silly, groan-worthy in many places, inexplicably hilarious in others, Mystery Team is a guilty pleasure -- a deeply dumb movie made by pretty smart people."
1	"A pleasant, charming knockabout with a playfully imaginative sense of wit and a pleasingly assured visual style."
0	Not so much a Big Chill knockoff as a poor man's Whit Stillman comedy.
0	"Since no one in the cast is a household name, the series of confessions and critiques resemble nothing so much as actors' auditions."
0	"No one's problems inspire much interest, and the stuffy banality of the dialogue is multiplied by the lackluster surroundings."
0	"A drearily pretentious, ultra-stagy exercise in middle-age self-loathing."
0	"A respectable B-list cast (Cynthia Stevenson, Jessica Hecht, Christopher McDonald) wades through a sludgy script that finds estranged friends reuniting decades after college."
0	This may not be quite the moment to solicit our sympathy for self-absorbed beneficiaries of Ivy League privilege.
0	"It's a wonder a group of experienced film professionals could not make ""Reunion"" look and sound the least bit proficient or even entertaining"
1	
0	Pushes the eccentric without creating believable characters.
1	"Overall an emotionally rich and tender film, beautifully played, with heart and head in massive abundance."
1	"It's charming in a proper way, entirely avoiding sentiment and can be counted one of the best films in town."
1	"Lots of bruised humour, quiet virtuosity - watch for the slow-motion montage of disaster - and doggy-eyed optimism."
0	"Full of folksy humour but next to no urgency, it's a strangely exasperating slice of humdrum world cinema."
1	This is a heartfelt and deadpan portrait of the knife-edge poverty of people who are not so much greedy as desperate.
0	"Beto as a character is problematic - one minute hes a twinkly, moustachiod dreamer hoping for a better life; the next he's a macho bully who shoves his cowering wife around their shack. The film requires that we focus on the former and forgive the latter."
1	"The Pope's Toilet excels most in its expression of a particular time and place, which Charlone films with the kind of physical intensity and realism associated with recent Argentine cinema."
0	"The movie isn't as bad as I feared, but I can't give it much of an endorsement, either."
1	"Watch it now, and you'll be surprised how such a little movie can cut so deeply to the bone."
1	The Pope's Toilet cloaks religious critique in the scrappy tempo of irremediable poverty and irrepressible enterprise.
1	"The Pope's Toilet entertains, even while it illustrates how the impoverished can adjust their religious ideals out of desperation."
1	"The cast of pros and amateurs provides realistic performances, and co-director Charlone's lensing makes beautiful use of the rough landscape in a movie even the pope would enjoy."
1	The teen vampire series finally hits its stride with an entertaining mix of romance and action fantasy.
1	The pleasant surprise this time around is that the result finally feels more like the blockbuster this top-earning franchise deserves.
0	"Viewers who value the little things, such as passable acting and dialogue not stolen from a sixth-grader's diary, will once again walk away dazed, dumbfounded and partially deaf from all the surrounding squealing."
1	"If Slade doesn't necessarily advance the medium with this installment, he nonetheless advances the franchise, with enough lucidity and skill that he's persuaded at least one erstwhile agnostic to take a stand."
0	Anyone walking into Eclipse without seeing the previous two movies would be genuinely perplexed; behavior that barely makes sense when you know the story becomes truly nutty without context.
0	"Melissa Rosenberg's screenplay (like her scripts for the first two installments) is faithful enough to Meyer's soap-operatic inclinations, but I kind of wish she weren't. I kind of wish Bella weren't such an indecisive wuss about her feelings."
0	"With roughly 20 minutes of its two-hour running time devoted to characters doing something besides alternately moping and declaring their eternal love for each other, Eclipse stands as the most action-packed entry yet."
1	"Has its cheesecake and eats it, too. It's heavy on topless shots of barely legal Taylor Lautner, but now Pattinson grumbles, ""Doesn't he own a shirt?"""
0	The Twilight Saga: Eclipse is just one more walk on the mild sides for tweens who dream of being penetrated by cold flesh that will keep them young and cute forever.
1	A more robustly entertaining film than either of its predecessors.
1	"The kiss of the vampire is cooler, the werewolf is hotter, the battles are bigger and the choices are, as everyone with a pulse (and a few without) knows by now, life-changing."
1	When you see love represented on film in such an authentic and genuine manner it's easy to find yourself in a forgiving mood.
1	Slade skips the stultifying slow-motion fantasy sequences that so weighed down New Moon in favor of a well-paced blend of action and introspection.
0	Why the bloodsucker and the wolf boy treat Bella as if she's the cat's meow is still a mystery.
0	"Eclipse suffers from an excess of characters and dialogue and a shortage of real plot changes, even with Hard Candy's sharp-eyed David Slade at the helm."
1	"What elevates Eclipse above the previous Twilight films is that it doesn't take itself so seriously, and Slade doesn't allow his stars to."
0	These movies are more about the experience of hearing girls and women who should know better holler at the screen. They could just as well be at a concert.
0	"Easily the least compelling, least fun entry in the saga thus far."
1	"If you adore Meyer's characters already, you'll be thrilled to spend more time with them. If you don't, well, you'd just end up sitting among a bunch of sighing teens (and their moms), wondering what the fuss is about."
0	"The stars remain a boring threesome, Stewart limping through supposedly impassioned speeches as though Bella already were one of the cold-blooded undead."
1	"This is the first Twilight film that feels like a real movie in its own right, not just a spin-off from a mass literary cult."
0	"Eclipse, like its two predecessors, is ham-fisted and obvious, a mass-market entertainment with a frustrating lack of imagination, anemic plotting (how were those novels so fat?) and no aspirations toward anything greater than box office ka-ching."
0	"More happens in Eclipse than in the previous Twilight zone, New Moon, and yet it's duller."
1	"The Twilight Saga comes close to that sweet spot between swooning silliness and special effects slaughter with Eclipse, the third film in the series."
0	This third go-round won't make Twihard converts of the rest of us.
0	"For most of its languorous running time, it listens to conversations between Bella and Edward, Bella and Jacob, Edward and Jacob, and Edward and Bella and Jacob. This would play better if any of them were clever conversationalists."
1	Eclipse's balance of PG-13 romance and bone-crunching action will satisfy Twi-Hards and appeal to supernatural romantics who haven't completely converted to TV's True Blood.
0	"As always, the biggest screams emanating from the audience come when Lautner bares his chest."
1	"The choice of whether to see Eclipse isn't really a question of whether the movie is good or bad. It's a question of whether or not the movie speaks to your secret, unregulated, inherently ridiculous experience of identification and desire."
1	The intensity is sustained and passionate. It's the glue that holds the glop together.
1	"David Slade goes for more of everything: action, violence and unrequited sexual tension."
1	Director David Slade keeps the action brisk and the time-killing attractive ... All of which should be like a freshly opened vein for fans.
1	"While the new Eclipse remains foremost a flick for devotees, it has sturdier pleasures and takes on its emotional ambitions with renewed dedication."
0	"Kristin Stewart, an actress who shows amazing range and ability when not playing Bella, continues to do her best imitation of a cardboard cutout here."
1	"The third chapter in Bella Swan's via dolorosa is still pretty much of a drag for anyone not affiliated with Teams Edward and Jacob, but it certainly eclipses the dead-on-arrival dud that was New Moon."
0	This is definitely the worst installment of the franchise to date.
1	"Eclipse is the least laughable installment yet in the series, and director David Slade efficiently delivers the fan service that Twihards require."
1	"The first two movies were mediocre, but ""Eclipse"" represents one of the more astonishing upgrades in movie franchise history."
1	"Although Eclipse isn't a great film on its own, it's pretty much the Twilight movie fans have been waiting for."
1	"It appears to have embraced its own sense of camp and is consistently funny in an intentional way. For the first time, I found myself curious to see what comes next."
1	"If New Moon had no story to speak of, Eclipse almost has too much. It's a much better problem to have."
1	"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse dispenses with much of the caramel gooeyness of the first two episodes in favor of decent action, some heartfelt tender moments and even a splash of wit. This time they're actually Twi-ing."
1	"The movie is about a girl's primal dream of being desired. That may well be corny, but it's also an essential antidote to summer-movie hardware."
1	"In a universe where almost all CGI-laden, blood-spilling tentpole movies are aimed at ensnaring the teenage male, there's something to be said for a series of films aimed squarely -- and successfully -- at teenage girls."
1	"I can't pretend that the third episode instilled a fever in my blood, but it didn't leave me cold. For the first time in the series I felt I'd seen a real movie."
0	"In a rare moment of insight, the teenage but immortal vampires in The Twilight Saga: Eclipse complain about being ""frozen"" in their lives, unable to ""move forward."" So is everyone involved in this deathtrap of a franchise."
1	"When it comes to the things this brand is famous for -- angsty canoodling, ethereal rocking out, truckloads of male beauty, Duran Duran-style make-up and culturally savvy jokes -- Eclipse actually goes one better than the last offering."
1	"It's easy to knock the Twilightfilms, with their taste for cheesy special effects and teenage hyper-ventilation, but the feelings that course through them are honest enough -- just your average old-fashioned romantic-masochistic teen-dream rapture."
0	The biggest problem remains the characters: neither Slade nor Stewart are capable of turning manipulative whinger Bella into anything more than a joyless black hole sucking the life from every scene.
1	"All three actors are comfortable with their characters, and Slade finds the right balance of action and romance; the story feels organic. Some of the dialogue is earnest and silly, but the core strength of the Stephenie Meyer novels is here: the battle be"
0	"""All I want is your protection,"" he says to Bella, firmly removing her hand from inside his shirt. ""I'll protect you no matter what."" Edward Cullen: the human condom."
0	"What began as an enjoyably perverse fable of teen romance and chastity has dwindled, by this third instalment, into a sorry, soppy saga."
0	The trouble is that Antichrist feels progressively symptomatic of a director losing heart.
1	This is cinema at its most extreme and mind-boggling.
1	A troubling but refreshing sense of an artist uncloaked. A violent conflict of ideas and images. Any satisfaction from loose ends tied and questions answered? Forget it. It's just not that sort of film.
0	"Given how desperate to shock the film is, it's surprising that long swathes of it are so turgidly dull."
0	"It's one good-looking, publicity-grabbing provocation, with an overlay of pseudo-Christian allegory thrown in to deflect a reasonable person's accusations of misogyny."
1	"While there's no doubt that the place he goes is off a precipitous edge, one can't deny the film's continuing primal power."
1	"Visually gorgeous to a fault and teeming with grandiose if often fascinating ideas that overwhelm the modest story that serves as their vehicle, this may be the least artistically successful film von Trier has ever made."
0	"Lars von Trier cuts a big fat art-film fart with ""Antichrist."" As if deliberately courting critical abuse, the Danish bad boy densely packs this theological-psychological horror opus with grotesque, self-consciously provocative images."
0	"Antichrist, which, above all, wants to make pain visceral, is less successful at projecting authentic experience -- the shock tactics are ultimately numbing."
1	"We can scoff and dismiss it as the last gasp ravings of a deranged opportunist. Or we can look, unflinchingly, at Von Trier's fantastically painful mirror and acknowledge the Id within us all. Now that is scary."
0	"Antichrist is a smirking contraption of a film, a cheeky, nasty, clever device for making us upset about the dead kid, making us scared at the creepy happenings, making us freaked out at the violence, and finally making us convulsed with liberal outrage."
1	"It's thrilling to see that von Trier's vicious sense of mischief, his moviemaking skill and his desire to smash limits and expectations all remain undimmed. However you swallow it, this bizarre, hysterical melodrama is impossible to ignore."
1	"Antichrist is a fairground ride through the brain of a genius, both nightmarish and apocalyptic. Trier's head is the most dangerous place in modern cinema, its multiple caverns mysteriously structured and weirdly laid out."
0	It's so outlandish that at times you wonder if Von Trier himself knows what's going on. It would not be surprising to learn that he's making it all up as he goes along.
0	"The film can expose you to nothing about life, nothing about film, while telling you more than you ever wanted to know about the director's malicious vanity."
0	"Von Trier has mutilated his own film, turning it into a crazy, hysterical work that alienates the audience with its infantile shock tactics and tedious transgressions."
0	"Von Trier says he was suffering from severe bouts of depression when he shot the movie. See Antichrist, and you'll know the feeling."
1	"A word to the squeamish: there is no shame in leaving as the tools-and I use the word advisedly-come out. In a way, you will be getting the best of Antichrist, which until now has been a film of awkwardness, confusion, and great beauty."
1	"It offers more proof, if we need any, that von Trier is one of the most accomplished cinema artists of our time, and also perhaps the most deeply trapped in his own head."
0	To say that Antichrist is shocking would suggest that it's effective.
0	The impotent folly of Antichrist is that von Trier has made it his mission to shock the bourgeoisie in an era when they can no longer be shocked.
0	"This is a classic case of a filmmaker believing he has found a greater truth and attempting with only middling success to regurgitate it in a film. And, like all vomit, you can kind-of see what it's composed of but the smell drives you away."
1	I can't deny this is filled with powerfully primal images.
1	"By turns repellent, powerful and ludicrous, Antichrist piles horror on horror with pitiless passion."
0	"After the infantile bludgeoning that is Antichrist), I feel no need to keep accompanying von Trier's career at all."
1	I'm inclined to agree with a colleague who told me he could swing with Antichrist when it was simply unstable but couldn't go with it when it turned insane. It's a useful distinction. And yet the first hour...is pretty stunning.
0	"The movie immerses itself in the darkest despair imaginable, blending dystopian porn with ghastly horror and graphic violence. But it's all done in a mundane, almost clinical way."
1	"For better and for worse, it is exactly the movie von Trier wanted to make and a piece of staggeringly pure cinema. On at least one level, it's also hateful."
1	"Von Trier, who has always been a provocateur, is driven to confront and shake his audience more than any other serious filmmaker -- even Bunuel and Herzog."
0	Artfully horrific but artificial and soulless.
0	"The scandal of Antichrist is not that it is grisly or upsetting but that it is so ponderous, so conceptually thin and so dull."
1	"Please don't take anything I've said to indicate that Antichrist isn't difficult to watch. It most certainly is, but as somebody (the Marquis de Sade, perhaps) once said: No pain, no gain."
0	"Though it's hard to deny the fierce purity of Gainsbourg's performance, Antichrist plays like an incoherent mix of Gothic horror claptrap and Bergmanesque power struggle. I was more bored and puzzled than shattered and provoked."
0	"The movie's story and meaning are not mysterious but deliberately impenetrable, faint gestures in all directions, absent of artistic integrity, intellectual rigor or emotional significance."
0	"Allegorical in the worst ways, Antichrist is about as profound as a slasher movie."
0	"On a narrative level, it's gobbledygook, as if von Trier has dredged up the details of a nightmare and filmed them in an attempt to get at some primal truths."
0	"Von Trier has said he wanted to make a genre horror picture, but he couldn't even come up with a decent metaphor: The climax is out of a Grade C hack-'em-up with people chasing each other through the woods with axes and knives."
1	No doubt some people will find Antichrist repellent. The question is whether you're open to films that are as flawed as they are ambitious.
0	What is Von Trier trying to say?
1	Von Trier and cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle use sumptuous black-and-white photography and saturated color. Few movies are as beautifully wrought as this.
1	"Self-loathing, mean, ugly and perfectly made, Antichrist is probably the best film ever that you'd recommend to absolutely no one."
0	"Antichrist ends up being more unnerving than it is terrifying, and a lot funnier than it's supposed to be."
0	"Antichrist is a unique form of cruel and unusual punishment: an unrelenting orgy of graphic sex, violence and cynicism that also manages to be wildly pretentious."
1	"Antichrist is a boldly personal film, tossing all von Trier's ideas about faith, fear, and human nature into an unfettered phantasmagoria, full of repulsive visions and fierce scorn."
1	"Yes, Antichrist is harrowing and often shrill, but the horrors all serve the underlying theme that, try as they might, men can never fully understand the inconsolable grief women endure when they lose a child."
1	"Von Trier, never exactly an optimist, has never been this gloomy and pessimistic. Antichrist is the feel-bad movie of the year."
0	"Of course, von Trier wants us to react, to be repulsed, shocked, offended. Mission accomplished."
0	
0	"It's another tale of an overgrown kid accepted for his sweet, stammering self and nurtured out of his cocoon."
1	"Splinterheads, which aims to be a quirkier Adventureland, never rises above mildly amusing."
0	"For a better courtship story set amongst the world of cotton candy and Tilt-a-Whirls, rent Adventureland instead."
0	Attempts to compensate for its too-familiar romantic setup by defining its characters through idiosyncratic hobbies and traits.
0	"Splinterheads might suffice some late night on cable, but that's about it."
1	A shaggy comedy with more heart than heft.
0	"Not for a single moment does anyone in this film make a good decision. Consequently, you quickly catch on and easily anticipate the bad decisions before they happen."
0	"The pic's attempts at comic portraiture feel sketchy at best, more or less assigning each character a single, belabored trait."
0	Judge's characters are so one-note and their misadventures so ridiculous that it's hard to get attached to them or care about how they turn out.
1	Here for Labor Day -- a comedy about the hilarity and heartbreak of running a small business.
0	"The problem with the film is that, as satires go, this one has blunt teeth. It's funny, but not as funny as it should be."
0	"Didn't Judge realize that Extract, with its plastic setups and one-dimensional harpies, plays like Kevin Smith remaking a bad George Segal comedy from 1978?"
1	"A curious combination of workplace comedy and midlife crisis, it's not as good as [Judge's] best work -- the characters are too one-dimensional -- but the laughs are generous and genuine."
1	"Extract is a real tour de force for Bateman, who finally has a big-screen role that plays to his Arrested Development strength -- a guy dismayed at how moronic those around him can be."
1	"Like Judge's first two live-action films, Extract seems destined to do minor business at the box office but achieve a kind of immortality as a cult DVD."
1	"Judge's gifts parallel those of his leading man. His plotting is full of funny, unpredictable moments but lacks the grating hysteria of the comic genre."
0	"Mr. Judge has done better, more pointed work before, notably in the cult-favorite workplace comedy Office Space."
1	"A little morally perverse under the surface, as Bateman learns that one of the keys to happiness is an attitude of ""Let them eat cherry-flavored cake."""
0	"While Extract is mildly amusing and a slice of a mostly working-class world that doesn't make it into comedy that much anymore, it's not completely convincing as a movie."
1	"Fitfully funny with a low joke-to-minute ratio, Extract plays like two irreconcilable and unfinished sketches, neither particularly fertile comedic terrain."
0	"Extract has its moments, but not enough of them. Think I'll go ahead and watch Office Space again."
1	"Judge may not have the workplace comedy down as smoothly as, say, Judd Apatow does with relationship comedies, but he has an ear for comical dialogue and an eye for a top-notch ensemble cast."
0	"Extract may be the most disappointing American comedy of the decade, partly because it's jokeless and joyless but mostly because it squanders an all-star cast of superb comic talent."
1	Mike Judge has become our most dogged examiner of middle-American foolishness; no other comedy filmmaker more skillfully exploits that nagging sense that you're surrounded by idiots.
0	"A mix of coolheaded cultural satire and anxiety-inducing workplace and marital shenanigans, Extract is an odd project. It's smarter than most of the comedies out there right now, but that doesn't necessarily make it funnier."
0	"There's classic screwball comedy lurking in this material, a cynic's recognition that the world runs crookedly. But the movie is logy and repetitive."
1	"Ten years after Office Space flopped in theaters, only to find the passionate following it deserved down the line, Extract finds Judge returning triumphantly to the workplace comedy."
1	"Some will find Judge's politics liberal; some will suggest they're conservative; I would simply say that they're American, in the best possible sense of the word, and Frank Capra might have found a lot to admire in ""Extract,"" even with the d--- jokes."
0	"That has the makings of a deliciously dark comedy, but Judge lets the premise simply drift away like a pothead's train of thought."
1	"Mike Judge's Extract has some huge belly laughs, a terrific ensemble cast and more than a few instances of inspired comic brilliance. So why doesn't the movie ever really take off?"
0	A comedy need not be believable. But it needs to seem as if it's believable at least to itself.
1	"The entire cast, in fact, seems to be having fun, with Affleck and Koechner cheerfully stealing each one of their scenes."
1	There are some priceless character turns.
1	It has all the ingredients for cult immortality and will likely live on long after this year's Oscar winners are forgotten.
1	"These days, it appears to be a rare gift to do comedy in a way that comes across as smart, but never superior or willfully crass. Bateman has that talent to spare."
1	"Mike Judge's Extract -- modest, no big deal but very savvy -- is the funniest American comedy of the summer."
1	"The result doesn't seem as fresh as Office Space, but Judge still comes up with enough laughs to deserve our attention."
0	"[Extract] resembles its titular foodstuffs: less a fully realized comedy than the distillation of one. The ingredients are there, and the recipe as well, but Judge evidently forgot that the whole dish still needed cooking."
0	"A ""sympathy for the boss"" comedy could conceivably work, but Judge has neglected to supply the laughs this time around."
1	"This isn't a misanthropic picture; its true subject is the way love for our fellow human beings is so often thwarted by their actual behavior -- and still, stupidly perhaps, we just won't give up on them."
1	"Extract isn't an instant classic, but it bumps along agreeably, its humor culled from serial bad decisions, mock-romantic discontent and lots of spirited overacting ripe with good intentions."
1	"Right in time for the economic downturn comes Extract, a smart and potently funny workplace comedy about running a small business just as small businesses get routinely run into the ground."
0	Mocking an officious middle-manager is always fair game; ridiculing blue-collar workers who resent their mindless jobs just feels mean.
0	
1	There are so many good jokes packed in there.
0	"Has many promising ingredients, yet somehow none of them quite gel."
0	"Judge knows his game well enough, but too often the jokes feel like seasoning to a premise that is just slightly overdone."
1	
1	
0	"What a mistake. Extract is awful. Intended as a light, soft-porno-motivated film, it turned out to be crude and with little humor."
0	"The remake ups the adrenaline factor, and features strong perfs across the board, yet feels bogged down by a weighty love triangle and a subject that merits more than the old-school good vs. evil approach."
1	"As a thriller, The Debt performs many if not all the right moves. The suspense builds nicely, the twists come as surprises and its key characters are vivid enough."
0	The moral has the force of a scolding rather than of a galvanic lived experience.
1	"Predictably, the holes in the narrative set us up for a twist or three, but, in balance, it's a pleasure to be back in the wet alleys and spy-patrolled streets of the GDR, however vague they seem without '60s black-and-white cinematography."
1	"Madden's dark, moody, complex exploration of guilt and identity taps into a rich vein of moral ambiguity..."
1	"""The Debt"" eventually settles into a predictable groove that slightly undercuts its impact. Still, it's a film of ambition and substance."
1	"Relentlessly paced and artfully lensed and constructed, it's a first-rate thriller that explores loyalty, duty to country and self, and the price of deception with skill and razor-sharp precision."
1	"What the three pairs of actors lack in semblance (or resemblance), they make up for to a great extent in their performances."
1	"The Debt functions both as an edge-of-the-seat thriller and an effective drama about the sometimes passionate, sometimes contentious relationships among the three main characters."
1	Put Helen Mirren and Tom Wilkinson together in a movie and chances are you're not going to be disappointed.
1	"As it jumps back and forth in time, ""The Debt"" explores the conflict between expectations and reality, intellect and emotions, truth and regret."
1	"The film's a potboiler but a gripping one, and it leaves you chewing on both its nuances and implausibilities."
1	"It probes, with perhaps more energy than clarity, the ethical and psychological complications that can lie hidden beneath a story of simple heroism."
1	"Madden's version maintains all the literal and figurative scars left on these characters, but everything here is made at least one degree more obvious, even as the screenplay tries mightily to hide its secrets."
1	"A Nazi-hunting thriller deepens into a meditation on conscience in The Debt, a movie that holds you in its grip."
1	"The Debt poses an arresting question: In a place that's as haunted by history as Israel is, can a lie ever really serve to prop up a larger truth?"
0	The cast does what it can in the service of this assignment. But some jobs simply resist satisfying completion.
1	It's a wakeup face slap for a medium that has spent too many warm-weather nights dreaming of superheroes and frat boys.
0	Solemnly tony Oscar bait.
1	"An excellent international spy thriller, wrapped up in an only-fair mystery."
1	The film analyzes the implications of heroism and its burdensome weight. It also explores the haunting toll that comes with burying the truth.
1	"Bristling with dangers both corporeal and cerebral, ""The Debt"" is a superbly crafted espionage thriller packed with Israeli-Nazi score settling."
1	"It is an exciting movie, full of crises and dramatic turns despite an aura of sadness that seems to pervade it."
0	"The architecture of ""The Debt"" has an unfortunate flaw. The younger versions of the characters have scenes that are intrinsically more exciting, but the actors playing the older versions are more interesting."
1	"Vogel is a genuinely chilling villain, and there are some deeply unsettling scenes between him and his captors."
0	"Rather than focus on the evil of the Nazi villain, it wallows in the collective regret of three Israeli Mossad agents who in 1966 let the bad guy slip away when they had him in their clutches."
0	There are movies you want to like that just won't let you.
0	"The direction and performances remain as solid as ever, but they're both growing obscured by the top-heavy plot."
1	"The Debt has the overall air of an Oscar contender that never got into the ring -- well-made, but not spectacular. Still, it serves as a fine, full introduction to Chastain's potential."
1	The Debt roots itself in reality more plausibly than most contemporary spy films without sacrificing the genre's tense thrills.
0	"The movie drowns the deeper questions it raises in a sadistic procedural, an endless circular motion of fight scenes whose only justification is themselves."
0	A strong cast fails to rescue this ponderous Oscar bait.
1	The thrills work out better than the smarts.
1	Helen Mirren pulls off the impressive trick of dominating the movie even while she's absent for huge chunks of its running time.
0	"Awkwardly marrying ""Munich""-style moral conundrums with cheesy Robert Ludlum stylings, the slow-paced thriller ""The Debt"" never pays off."
1	"Vogel's introduction, 'This is my hand, and this is the speculum,' may at last have displaced the 'Is it safe?' of Christian Szell--another Mengele stand-in--as the most discomfiting sentence ever uttered by doctor to patient onscreen."
1	"Worthington shows a greater range and vulnerability here than he did in either Avatar or Clash of the Titans, where he mostly just flexed his pecs. He may be a genuine movie star yet."
1	"After a gripping first half, turns into one howler after another. And yet it's still gripping."
0	"There is an awkward, irresoluble tension between the movie's urge to thrill and the weighty pull of the historical obligations that it seeks to assume. How much, to be blunt, should we be enjoying ourselves?"
1	"'The Debt' tackles themes of humanity, revenge and truth so successfully it's hard not to find it powerful - even if it's not the Oscar bait it might have hoped to be."
1	"Solid, workmanlike storytelling is what's on offer in this meaty thriller with robust and satisfying star turns..."
1	"There's the overall feeling of hard work not quite paying off, but the gorgeous and game Chastain quietly salvages everything she can."
0	"John Shakespeare In Love Madden directs, but literary larks in the Globe are a long way from the laboured, catchpenny lucubrations of this global retribution tale."
0	Vaughn and Goldman chose the wrong vehicle.
1	"The performances are what counts, and Mirren and Chastain certainly deliver."
1	"The film is rigorously streamlined to deliver a good emotional uppercut by the end, and purely on the strength of its craft, it connects."
1	Everybody's Fine is a fitting title. The movie may well be fine. But it could have been a lot better.
0	"Everyone works well under the perfunctory direction of Kirk Jones, but even with an easily resolved fade-out replete with turkey and cranberry sauce, Everybody's Fine has the look and taste of leftovers."
0	"Written and directed by British director Kirk Jones with guidance, apparently, from Dr. Phil..."
1	A tolerably sober alternative to holiday froth at the mutliplex.
1	"De Niro offers a master class of mannered, minimalist acting."
0	It's all so much raging bull.
1	"Another actor might have greedily milked the story's pathos quotient (believe me, there are plenty of opportunities). But De Niro hangs back, and the approach works."
1	"Ultimately, Everybody's Fine becomes a holiday movie of rare sweetness; one likely to inspire a few calls home to Mom or Dad."
1	"De Niro plays his character completely contained, afraid to brim or overflow with emotion. The more he pulls back, the more he pulls in the audience."
0	It takes some effort to neutralize the charm of a modestly charismatic Robert De Niro performance. But Everybody's Fine does a stupendous job.
0	"Even more than the remake that it is, Everybody's Fine plays like a homogenized, Hallmark Channel version of About Schmidt, with all the rough edges shaved off."
1	What's finest about Everybody's Fine is to watch a good fella groping hopefully toward old age.
0	"A thoroughly fake movie with trite characters that is about, of all things, the need for truthfulness."
1	"It's a relief to see Robert De Niro giving an honest, effective starring performance in a project that does not stink and that, in fact, rises to a respectable level of filmmaking proficiency. How long has it been?"
0	"All that could redeem this thoroughly foreseeable unfolding would be colorful characters and good acting. Everybody's Fine comes close, but not close enough."
0	"Promising start, but it unravels with an ill-advised confrontation scene and an ending that rings false."
0	"If nothing else (and there ain't much else), Everybody's Fine does prove one thing: Even an actor with the gifts of Robert De Niro can't make bland interesting."
0	"There's no challenge to this material, no real emotional pull, it's one of those films that simply rolls by until its right-from-the-beginning predictable ending."
1	This is sentimental but dramatically solid.
0	False to the core.
0	No feel-bad-feel-good film should be this chilly.
0	"Though De Niro gives a strong performance as a loving, if not always perceptive, dad, the film takes a treacly turn, grows truly sad and never fully recovers."
1	Everybody's Fine -- a more subtle film than its advertising indicates -- works because it has a feel for little things.
1	"Expect an uncomfortable moment while watching Everybody's Fine. You're not the only one who edits events and polishes the truth to protect your parents -- and yourself. Worse, they know it."
1	Let the sentiment reveal itself. Don't veer into sentimentality. Don't push. Just trust the story. That's the whole trick with a movie like Everybody's Fine.
1	The movie works because so much of what's on screen will resonate with viewers.
1	Everybody should see Everybody's Fine. But one piece of advice: Phone home first.
0	"I didn't feel like I was watching characters who were related to each other. Every scene they are in, I felt like I was watching movie stars meeting each other for the first time."
1	"Is it anything special? No, not really. But it's an agreeable and even touching little snapshot of family life."
0	Forget Hollywood remakes; this is one film Ia(TM)d like to see reworked by an arthouse director and a pack of actors with smaller names and bigger reserves of subtlety.
0	"Ita(TM)s a little like About Schmidt - the sly wit, subtlety and directorial flair."
1	"A refreshingly open, untricksy performance from De Niro, and very possibly the harbinger of an excellent late period for him as an actor. As for the film, well ""fine"" is what can reasonably be said."
1	Its essential niceness should not be discounted; niceness is a rare commodity in films today.
0	"Ita(TM)s a four-square set-up, but with only the barest flicker of familial friction heating the undercooked drama."
0	"De Niro alone is worth watching, even if one suspects the pain on his face comes from the script he must speak rather than the story he must enact."
0	"De Niro, while initially expressionless, gives the film a heart. Barrymore and Beckinsale stay one-dimensionally cute. A weepie that wholly fails to make you weep."
0	"It's mushy, fake and full of hopelessly silly feelgood sentiment. Nobody could transcend this, not even De Niro - nor Sam Rockwell, the best of the supporting players."
0	
0	
0	
1	"Tastefully provocative, ultimately haunting."
0	"The real question, is who cares?"
0	"A kinder, chicer Adrian Lyne movie."
0	"Here, as in a cosmetics ad, the performers are assigned to telegraph desire as characters defined by visual stereotype, their empty chatter decorated with facile metaphors."
1	"The will-they-or-won't-they structure is a bit facile, but Last Night is on to something fascinating."
1	"It's a quiet, contemplative film that reminded me of Mike Nichols' Closer, with too many shots of lighting cigarettes and looking pensive in train windows, but I liked it."
0	"He's withheld and she's, frankly, grating. So we don't really care if they weather the current storm, because sooner or later they're bound to get divorced, anyway."
0	It's hard to care about the fate of a marriage that never quite comes into focus.
0	Will Michael succumb and prove Joanna correct in her suspicions? Will Alex's French accent conquer all? Do you care? I didn't.
1	"Massy Tadjedin's intimate directorial debut takes a spare, thoughtful approach to relationships."
1	Tadjedin shows an intimate understanding of how couples communicate through ellipses and of all that remains unsaid even amid torrents of angry words.
0	"Suspenseful though it is, the movie is quiet to the point of being sleepy, and Worthington is simply not working out as a screen star."
0	"It's the sort of movie that thinks cutting between two different stories makes it art. Usually, it feels like an exercise in art. There's a lot of calisthenics but very little beauty or truth or whatever it is the movie is going for."
1	"Tadjedin banks on the power of telling, familiar moments, betting that viewers will recognize the heartache at the center of a fleeting expression or hurried action. For the most part, her gamble pays off."
0	Forget about sex or adultery -- there isn't enough life in Last Night.
0	"'Last Night' is an empty exercise in sheer self-regard, a tedious, lifeless trawl through the secret lives of the rich and beautiful."
1	"A good-looking, tightly-scripted and ever-so-slightly superficial drama about a married couple on the brink of infidelity."
1	"A small-scale, indulgent but worthwhile movie from writer-director Massy Tadjedin about infidelity, jealousy and the quarter-life crisis."
0	"Leaves you to fill in the gaps, but you won't care enough to bother."
1	"The word sexy is horribly overused. When it comes to this pair, though, it's the only word that will do."
0	"It's quite enjoyable, and the ending is very good -- I just didn't believe a moment of it."
1	"The film is as shiny and thin as a coat of nail varnish, but beguilingly photographed..."
1	
1	The filmmakers don't get everything right but their passion for Ginsberg's genius and their excitement over trying to deconstruction a literary master work is contagious. A more perfect film might have been just a teensy-weensy dull.
0	"Milk meets Pink Floyd the Wall. Says everything it has to say in the first 20 minutes, then keeps repeating itself."
0	"It's done pretty well as a poem up till now, and more than once during Franco's reading, I simply closed my eyes and listened."
1	"Howl is very, very, good. Worth seeing if you love writing, if you've ever written, if you're intrigued by the creative process as a whole."
0	"Splendid as Franco's literal characterization and overheated line readings can be, art director Eric Drooker's literal-minded animated interpretation of ""Howl"" are as sodden as a cold latke -- as well as a distraction."
1	"Allen Ginsberg's revolutionary 1956 poem ''Howl'' -- a literary manifesto for the Beat Generation -- gets a great reading from modern-day beatnik-star James Franco, playing the poet with bebop passion."
0	"There is no defining story of lasting importance here, so the directors opted for a small narrative, a lot of drawings and snippets of the trial. It's filled with graphics, but doesn't really amount to much of a film or an illumination of the man's life."
0	A Beat Generation biopic that makes you sympathize with the Man? That's just unholy.
0	"A film of passion and ambition, but one whose success is intermittent at best."
1	"Happily, Ginsberg's words still cut recklessly through the years."
1	"By the time this movie's over, you've spent an hour and a half just working your way through the words of ""Howl"" and some related source material, and that turns out to be a surprisingly satisfying thing to do."
1	"An exemplary work of literary criticism on film, explaining and contextualizing its source without deadening it."
1	Howl is a movie with no clear narrative. It pushes boundaries and feels like one man's fever dream. But all those traits would certainly make Allen Ginsberg happy.
0	"How do you make poetry cinematic? ""Howl,'' a new film about beat writer Allen Ginsberg, asks that question without realizing the question is backward. It should be: How do you make cinema poetic?"
0	"It's well-crafted, but I wish the film showed us an additional dimension or two of the central figure, who once said the great challenge in writing, any kind of writing, is ""to write the same way you are."""
1	"The bold, outspoken man of later days is seen here as still a middle-class youth, uncertain of his gayness, filled with the heady joy of early poetic success, learning how to be himself."
1	"The language of that poem, which periodically pours out from the screen, is the best thing in the movie."
1	"The result, though clearly flawed, is passionate and ambitious, celebrating that long-gone era when a book of verse could spark a revolution in consciousness."
0	The best thing about the film Howl is the poem Howl.
0	"Despite James Franco's smart performance as poet Allen Ginsberg, this film rings hollow."
1	"The film forces us to face what a powerful poem ""Howl"" remains. That poetry isn't just pretty language, it has the ability to make us think about our lives, even to change our lives."
0	"Howl is a disappointingly mundane movie about a vibrant, iconoclastic subject."
1	"It's about literature itself, the ways in which it works on the reader and the folly of applying some objective standard of decency and meaning to words on a page."
1	"Epstein and Friedman didn't write the film as much as assemble it, using actual interview quotes and court transcripts. And while the loose structure takes some getting used to, it's ultimately effective and at times thrilling."
1	What could have been a trivial exercise in nostalgia instead becomes a powerful case for the cathartic power of art.
0	Admirable if fundamentally academic.
1	"It's sweet stuff, a portrait of an artist in turmoil, under fire and laying himself bare. Howl captures Howl beautifully."
1	"Is it watchable? Yes. Mainly for Franco's gamy Ginsberg, visibly writhing and vocally wrestling to escape the lantern-slide-lecture restrictions of his remit."
1	"This is a bold, inspiring piece of work, putting experimental techniques in the service of a heartfelt, insightful and surprisingly audience-friendly work of art."
1	"A shade of Ginsberg, but a refreshing and solid film."
0	More like a laborious 84-minute trailer.
1	Howl is the American version of The King's Speech.
0	"There are ways to put poetry on the screen, but this drama-documentary about the Beat versifier Allen Ginsberg fails to find them."
0	"Sadly, I found it only moderately enjoyable and rather smug, much like an average edition of the BBC's Arena."
1	It is the trial itself - which Ginsberg did not attend - that is the real payoff here as Howl's defenders and detractors get their day in court.
1	"Great art transcends its creator. In this case, it also lays the foundation for a great film."
1	"Solondz's ongoing interests ... ensure some shocks but his underlying interests are sincere and humane: the consequences of trauma, the capacity for self-delusion, the possibility of change and the necessity of forgiveness."
1	"Todd Solondz, the terminally depressed director of the award-winning Happiness, appears to have cheered up and settled into his role as a kind of super-curdled Woody Allen."
1	"Interesting and bleakly hilarious as it often is, it will add to an uneasy sense that Solondz is running out of ideas."
0	"Just like any family reunion: forced, painful and underwhelming."
1	"If the film says nothing new, it certainly brings the same kick to the mind that Happiness achieved. And it's not as cold-hearted as it first seems."
0	Todd Solondz's Life During Wartime has a mordant humour but lacks a contained focus.
1	"Life During Wartime proves that Solondz, even when he's producing milder fare than when he first came to attention, is still in a league of his own."
1	"A heady mix of deadpan humor that boldly uses such topics as pedophilia, race and terrorism to plead the need for forgiveness at a personal and national level."
1	"Winning result, which reels off one riveting scene after another, stands as both a unique sort-of sequel and a film that requires no prior reference points; it's entirely satisfying either way, though even richer if you recall the antecedent."
1	"Solondz conjures a world that's rotting away from the inside, in which only the children -- freckle-faced Dylan Riley Snyder and Emma Hinz -- weep over the loss of moral authority."
1	"Daring the discomfited viewer to laugh at shame and suffering, and then wonder why we're laughing, Todd Solondz is back."
1	"Solondz may not have softened with age, but his creations have undoubtedly grown wiser because of it."
1	"In a staring contest with his audience, Solondz never blinks. He picks and picks at the themes that consume him, and he doesn't care who stays and who leaves. Me, I'm rapt."
1	Life During Wartime slices deeply into its characters' weaknesses...But also in evidence is an unlikely vein of forgiveness (or maybe it's oblivion).
0	"There's no arc here, no real pathos, and the direction is like watching snow melt on the side of a road."
1	"Solondz sees life as misery and actors as instruments. In his hands, they're pianissimo, vibrato, fortissimo -- and never in harmony."
0	"In retrospect, Todd Solondz probably should have hung it up after Happiness."
0	"There's repetitious talk about forgiving and forgetting, and debate over which is preferable, but Solondz doesn't seem particularly interested in either."
1	"Mr. Solondz exaggerates in the direction of mockery, yes, but his lurid colors, emphatic musical effects and dead-center framing also betray a commitment to melodrama that can only be sincere."
1	"While it obviously isn't for all tastes, this is a big, thematically rich step forward -- mostly it's about tolerance and forgiveness -- from the empty provocation of Solondz's Storytelling and Palindromes. About time."
0	Life During Wartime relies on uncomfortable black humor and moments of sincere drama to involve viewers. But everything is encased in artifice and the movie becomes a chore to take in.
0	I can't stand the moral universe that we're dealing with here.
1	"Not having been a big admirer of Happiness, I don't see the vast achievement in bringing that movie up to date, but a few of the performances and sequences resonate."
1	Derives its blackly comedic bite from being both tragic and immediate.
1	A taut and tantalizing mix of salty bites and lazy blanks...
1	[Solondz'] best to date...
1	"At times, it makes you realize Solondz may be the closest heir we'll get to Robert Bresson, the French filmmaker of human despair and mysterious grace."
0	"Here [Solondz has] made a film that is sad without energy, dead without life. As a sequel to Happiness, it regards the same lives, then as tragedy, now as farce."
0	[Solondz] seems mired in simply rehearsing his characters' most fatal flaws.
1	Todd Solondz keeps attempting the impossible and deserves credit for trying.
1	Lachman and Solondz have a gift for finding the extraordinary in the ordinary and that ray of hope amid the hopelessness.
0	The question is: Who wants to watch these people?
1	"Solondz, through the troubled voice of 13-year-old Timmy, does rigorous justice to the difficulties of forgiving and/or forgetting."
0	"The daring director is still a fascinating craftsman, but now we don't feel welcome in his dollhouse."
1	"For all of Solondz's mischief, we sense he likes his unhelpable characters, and that they maybe like each other. A little bit, anyway."
1	"An easy film to dislike, a piece of cake to admire and all but impossible to love. But I think that's part of the intent."
0	"Life During Wartime, which feels like a movie made to fulfill a contractual obligation, says nothing new, nothing that Happiness didn't already say, only better."
1	"Definitely not a film for everybody, but (Todd) Solondz fans...will find plenty to chew on as he continues his exploration into the wounded lives of three sisters and their fractured families."
0	I'd never have predicted something this mediocre.
1	"Helen may not be for everyone, but to at least some of us, she's irresistible."
1	A daft and insightful look at the gray world between criminal and straight.
1	"Eddie Coyle is made for [Mitchum]: a weary middle-aged man, but tough and proud; a man who has been hurt too often in life not to respect pain; a man who will take chances to protect his own territory."
1	"A good, tough, unsentimental movie about the last days of a small-time Boston hood."
1	The cast lend the film an authority that Yates' curiously pedestrian approach fails to provide.
1	A very fine film about real people on the fringes of both crime and law enforcement.
0	"A mechanical compendium of anti-skepticism clichs, right down to the obligatory post-realization upchuck."
0	Tennyson Bardwell's pretentious psycho-supernatural flick doesn't even qualify as guilty-pleasure camp. It's the sort of bad movie that will make you lose faith in the genre altogether.
0	"Bardwell writes and directs carefully though without inspiration, leaving open the question of whether the house is really haunted."
0	I'll take a bunch of teenagers terrorized by chain-saw-wielding zombies any day.
0	"Old-fashioned in the worst sense, Bardwell's ghost story is heavy on Freud, light on fear."
0	The modestly scaled film delivers some moving and affecting moments amid a preponderance of scenes of frequently annoying people behaving badly.
1	A strong romantic drama in which Robert Pattinson and Emilie de Ravin really shine.
0	More tacky and preposterous than the worst blockbuster phone-in.
0	"A movie with all the hyperventilating hysteria of a 1960s teen-tragedy pop song and all the disposability, too."
1	There's a distinctly bittersweet undertow to the picture that draws you in and helps you overlook the film's weaknesses.
0	"Bless you, R.Patz & Co., because this gloriously steaming pile is officially in the bad-movies-we-love pantheon."
0	"""Remember Me"" is only slightly more than forgettable, but its good intentions and good performances can't make up for a central romance that feels more rushed than real thanks to the triumph of casting and celebrity over chemistry and charm."
1	Remember Me is charged up with stormy melodrama. Pattinson's various fan contingents should eat it up...
0	"When the film finally goes for broke with that ambitious, colossally misconceived finale, a tremendous emotional investment in these characters is necessary to pull it off -- and even then, its prospects would be questionable."
0	"Although clearly it was mapped by a team of consultants, Remember Me is a horrific misstep in the branding of Robert Pattinson."
0	"Allen Coulter directed this morose and sluggish drama, which gets more mileage from Pattinson's anguished profile than from Will Fetters's thunderously overwritten screenplay."
0	"The film's tone is all wrong, the pacing is dead and the veering between sex, sadness and sado-masochistic violence is enough to give you motion sickness. It's a bad movie."
0	"The more you wait for the biggest plot development of the last decade to reduce everybody's problems to a hill of beans, the more Remember Me starts to make you feel cheap."
1	"The fact is, Remember Me is a well-made movie. I cared about the characters. I felt for them."
1	A simple romance for swooners that wins points for noting that two lovers bring with them a clashing mess of family and friends
0	The film gets bogged down by plot points that plod toward an event of devastating proportions.
1	"A small, dense chamber study of unhappy people looking for hope in the darkness, often literally."
0	"There's a sense of construction to Remember Me that undercuts its emotional impact, and emotional impact is pretty much all this film is shooting for."
0	"In Remember Me love means never having to say you're sorry, particularly to the audience."
0	The finale manages to be tasteful and exploitative at the same time. It touts forgiveness while being mildly infuriating. Such is the danger of borrowing from the enormous to merely entertain. If that.
0	"Ambitious but overwrought, with a polarizing final act."
0	"After the first hint of what's coming -- which crops up less than 10 minutes into the movie and then doesn't let up -- the foreshadowing becomes so distracting that, by the time the darn thing goes off, there's only a sense of relief."
0	Time for a quick game of One of These Things Is Not Like the Others: Marlon Brando. James Dean. Robert Pattinson.
0	"Remember Me represents Robert Pattinson's attempt to prove he can do more than sparkle like a faux vampire, but the case he presents is not convincing."
0	"It's all weepy drool until the twist ending, which turns it shockingly offensive."
0	"If Remember Me is remembered for anything at all, other than being yet another Robert Pattinson vehicle, it will be for its over-the-top ending, which ranks high amongst the most shameless jerkers of tears ever unleashed upon lachrymose teens."
0	There's no shame in exploring tragedy through art. But exploiting it to make your very ordinary movie feel more important? That's another story.
0	Somewhere the heart that must anchor a romantic drama has gone missing. We don't so much feel the relationships as see them.
0	"So many terrible things happen to the people in Allen Coulter's Remember Me that when the last awful twist comes -- something so resounding and meaningful that it instantly, horribly cheapens the rest of the movie -- you're almost numb to it."
1	"Remember Me is a touching love story, but its broader tale of familial relations packs a greater emotional punch."
1	"Pattinson's hero is well drawn, emerging as yet another descendent of Holden Caulfield."
0	[Pattinson is] like Luke Perry doing James Dean in the dreariest John Hughes movie ever made: Some Kind of Terrible.
0	"Robert Pattinson's hair will get the teens in for this mopey New York romance, but goodness, do they have a shock in store."
1	There are no less than four tremendous performances in the film.
0	"If this movie is playing at a theatre near you, you might want to consider moving somewhere else."
0	"The drama -- a far cry from the vampire stories of Twilight -- allows Pattinson to show broader emotional range. But the script is rife with clichs, and the sex is so artily lit it seems direct from cable."
0	"Be warned, if you're vulnerable to outrageous, cringe-inducing implausibilities -- not least the ludicrous stand-up row between Tyler and his father in the latter's Twin Towers boardroom -- you'd best give this one a miss."
0	"Decently shot and directed as it is, it lacks any real flame."
1	"Remember Me provides some mild domestic spats and lots of picturesque male brooding, but it's a pallid and oddly exploitative affair."
0	"Tween and teen girls will weep in the cheap seats, while adults will be narked by the ending, a shameful piggyback on a national tragedy, which will further the career of the heart-throb."
0	"Put it this way, Coulter, there are over 3000 true stories you could have told, and this film may insult every single one."
1	"Overwritten and overcooked, Remember Me still manages a few explosive sequences between Pattinson and Pierce Brosnan."
0	"Sounds Disneyfied enough on paper, but the elderly, violin-toting hero's successful attempt to infiltrate his miscreant nephew's mall-punk garage band is too creepy to fulfill the hipness quotient."
1	Uncle Nino is strictly straightforward and utterly conventional yet has been made with the kind of caring and commitment that will connect with many viewers.
0	"A creaky, cliched, feel-good family drama about learning to stop and smell the roses - and planting a vegetable garden while you're at it -- Uncle Nino is shameless, sappy fare."
0	"It's all neat and sweet and one-dimensional, more the moral to a story than a story."
1	An effortless heartwarmer that manages to be utterly corny but quite likable.
0	"This is not my kind of movie, and I found myself feeling mighty restless by the end, or even halfway through, or even near the beginning, but objectively I know there are people who will embrace this movie."
0	"It's the sort of fluff that may catch your eye during channel-surfing sessions, but it's hardly worthy of an outing and an open wallet."
0	"It's like sitting down for risotto al Gorgonzola at a fine restaurant, hearing the can-opener in the kitchen and realizing that your chef's named Boyardee."
0	It's just about impossible to make this tired material fresh.
0	Has an undeniably generous heart even as it undertakes its all-too-familiar lessons.
0	"Aggressive heartwarmer, which turns out to be much more of a heartburner."
1	"Both movies have familiar and even hokey aspects, but they're also sincere rather than cynical, and there's something affecting about the very similar messages they're peddling."
0	Shallcross fails to infuse the proceedings with the wit or distinctiveness necessary to lift it above the crop of its so many similar-themed predecessors.
0	A third-rate Robin Williams movie that didn't even have the decency to hire Robin Williams.
0	Given its title and direct linkage to the 1986 Challenger shuttle disaster -- nearly adds tasteless to its unflattering hat trick.
0	"I've seen a lot of terrible movies in the line of duty, but What Goes Up might be the only genuinely unreleasable one."
0	"Without a trace of tempo or one shred of narrative pacing, What Goes Up is not really a movie; it's the cheapest kind of amateurishness that looks like it was shot with a cell phone."
0	"While it's often as amateurish as it is assured, Glatzer and writer Robert Lawson want to convey so much that the sheer breadth of the movie means they hit a few of their targets."
0	[Director] Glatzer aims to wring laughter out of this desperation but succeeds only in producing a series of contrived characters and situations that make The Breakfast Club look like an unfiltered documentary.
0	"An unusually subdued Coogan does his best, but this is the kind of pretentious nonsense he usually satirizes."
0	"Mr. Coogan doesn't seem altogether comfortable with his part, which, like the story, undergoes a number of unconvincing changes."
0	
0	I never know quite what they were saying about heroism and then there are all these unanswered questions.
0	The film really struggles to find its voice and to find purpose and meaning.
0	"About as cruddy as a cruddy little indie can get, especially given a cast that should've known better."
0	"The whole thing feels like a premeditated attempt at a Sundance sensation, a mix of cast members (and ideas) from Juno and Hamlet 2 spiced up with the now obligatory '80s references."
1	"Director and co-writer Jonathan Glatzer handles his talented cast well, and the movie is dark, droll and sentimental in roughly the correct proportions."
0	
0	
1	"Modest, but resonant, It's Not Me, I Swear!, is a Quebec coming-of-age story that juggles elements of dark humour, pathos and childhood whimsy."
1	Impeccable production values help make this family angst unforgettable. Cinematographer Andr Turpin lenses with Ektachrome brilliance.
1	"Using cinema as self-therapy might be a selfish way to treat audiences, but Harden and Scheel's chemistry makes the mother-daughter dynamic universal."
1	A first film of laudable ambition and Meier's directorial confidence suggests promise for the future.
1	It would have been more effective if Meier had exercised less restraint and allowed her characters to spin out of control.
1	"The acting's superb, the premise intriguing, but it's hard to have sympathy for the heroine's stubbornness."
1	"Sometimes eerie, at other times playful and witty, it explores themes of modernity and primitivism without ever being heavy-handed. And as a portrait of a family under siege, it's as unsettling as it is sensual."
1	Prepare for this one to be rattling around the grey matter long after leaving the cinema. An auteur is born.
1	Home is actually less a road movie than the domestic-invasion movie taken to its sick conclusion.
1	Director Ursula Meier generally distinguishes her feature debut by not pushing elements to melodramatic or farcical extremes.
1	"Working with all-star DP Agns Godard, Meier effectively communicates the sense of upended privacy."
1	"The performers manage to overcome Meier's schematic framework-too ""modern-day fairy tale"" for its own good-though the director clearly knows which collaborators and elements to enlist for game-raising purposes."
1	"Though the cautionary symbolism is clear here, the committee-written film (there were five scribes including Meier), smartly keeps its message quotient in check."
1	Gradually the movie turns into an ironic assault on the inconvenient nature of civilization's conveniences.
1	"Home is the engaging, darkly funny, surreal story of what happens when people who have thrived by keeping civilization at a safe distance suddenly find themselves pushed right back into its headlights."
1	"What happens would not make sense in many households, but in this one, it represents a certain continuity, and confirms deep currents we sensed almost from the first."
1	"Melissa George's fearless, credible performance grounds the madness in a moving emotional reality, even as her sanity is lost at sea."
1	If you can get past its logical inconsistencies - and they are legion - it's not bad.
1	"A rather smart, interestingly constructed scary movie from British director Christopher Smith."
1	"Rackingly involving and, as corpses multiply, fearless of appearing penny-dreadful. Smith also made the loopy shocker Severance. This is becoming a body of work to watch."
1	This seaborne psycho-thriller has an unusual creepiness about it.
1	The whole film is smart cinema. I wouldn't be surprised if Smith didn't land up with a contract in Hollywood.
0	The film only makes some kind of sense on its own fantastic level.
1	Triangle is lots of violent fun for those who like... violent fun.
1	The pic climaxes in absurdism worthy of Herzog's doomed mad geniuses.
0	"While the portrayal of collaboration is respectable, and the balloon enchanting as it shimmers skyward, jellyfish-like, the doc is too flat for its own good."
1	There's a matter-of-factness to BLAST! that overcomes the documentary's lack of one strong thread.
0	If you really have a need to see Blast! wait for it to find its rightful place on cable.
1	"Directed by Paul Devlin, this absorbing documentary flirts with metaphysics...but mostly it keeps an amused eye on the effort of these driven brainiacs to set aloft an extremely sophisticated and fragile recording device."
1	Communicates the joys and heartbreaks of scientific creativity without unduly taxing viewers who don't know dark matter from pancake batter.
1	This globehopping video documentary...would be more at home on TLC or PBS than in a downtown specialty theater.
1	The comic premise still works like a charm.
1	"Get Him to the Greek is a complete blast, a much-needed breath of fresh air - well, as much fresh air as you can get in crowded clubs, packed rock shows and trashed hotel suites."
1	"It's crude, loud, dumb fun. And, on top of that, it contains the greatest cameo ever by a winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics."
1	"Barring a few lapses, the gags fly by in rapid-fire fashion, and enough of them connect -- thanks in part to the amusing mix of Hill's hang-dog demeanor with Brand's lanky, relentless hedonism."
0	"A giddy Diddy turn aside, this wildly uneven comedy doesn't travel very far."
1	Get Him to the Greek turns out to be the funniest hard-R comedy since The Hangover.
1	"It has a rambly, realistic tone, with one orgiastic mishap spilling into the next, and that tone keeps much of the action popping with surprise."
1	"Greek doesn't quite know when to stop, and things aren't brought to a particularly satisfying resolution. But Brand does a nice job adding a few dramatic shadings to his character, a pleasant surprise. And Hill is outstanding."
1	Greek might be this year's The Hangover.
1	"The heavyset Hill is beginning to cultivate a likable John Candy-esque appeal; playing against the surprisingly sharp Sean Combs, as a hellacious boss, he grounds the movie in approachability as the orbiting players get crazier."
1	So comically fertile and yet so grounded in the reality of its characters that it's really a kind of marvel.
1	"The setup isn't especially interesting or original, but the movie gets better as it goes through its paces."
0	"The concept is inspired, and the movie has some very funny moments. But about halfway through this long weekend, the frantic tale grows flimsy."
1	Get Him to the Greek displays the bawdy-sweet mixture that is the signature of the Judd Apatow school of screen comedy.
1	"Get Him to the Greek has some big laughs, and it scores an endless source of points by skewering the rock-star lifestyle."
0	"There's no buildup, no narrative arc, just one scene of comically debauched partying after another."
0	Nobody goes to an R-rated man-love comedy for spiritual renewal. We just want more outlandish gags. Down with the uplift; up with the suppository jokes.
1	"Looking for a buddy comedy with wit, heart and scatological charm to spare? Get thee to this Greek."
1	"Aside from the useless gross-out scenes, Stoller and a perfectly tuned Brand get every detail right, including the seductive egomania of celebrities and the predatory fawning of their handlers."
0	"Stoller ... apparently has major trust issues with his odd-couple stars, women and the audience. Did I forget anybody?"
1	"Much snappy dialogue keeps the far-fetched shenanigans from collapsing into stupidity, and agile performances create genuineness in the relationships. Foremost is Brand, whose wry intelligence inspires an enormously appealing presence."
1	"The film succeeds as a music-industry satire, a very naughty version of Almost Famous."
1	"If the movie's all too predictable in its broad outlines, it's scurrilously funny in the details, and it pushes its two leads and one of its supporting actors in entertainingly fresh directions. For early June, that's enough."
1	"Hill, dialing back on the pissy vulgarity of his supporting roles in Knocked Up and Funny People, makes the perfect foil, as passive and impressionable as Brand is reckless and impulsive."
1	"It's not quite infectious, but some of the high notes manage to drown out some of the guttural lows."
1	"The movie's a good, rude commercial comedy. How many good movies have we even seen this year?"
1	"The reason the friendship works is that Russell Brand and Jonah Hill are good actors. Hill's character is required to be blotto half of the time, but there's the sense that he's desperately trying to do the right thing."
0	Making Aldous regret his wicked ways is a buzz-kill of major proportions.
1	Cheerfully profane in the manner of a dormitory bull session.
1	"This is personality comedy, and Brand and Hill have it to spare."
1	"A veering, careening joy ride of excess and heart."
1	"A little bit of Russell Brand can go a long way, but Greek is a fine vehicle for his mock rock-god persona."
1	"If the film hadn't made a beeline toward the ""serious movie with a message"" category we could have had another Hangover or Tropic Thunder on our hands."
0	You see the serious stuff as just another bad joke.
1	"A few too many grossout gags, but this is inspired lunacy, with P. Diddy (!) delivering one of the funniest performances of the year."
0	"It's rare that a previously established side character, no matter how well loved, can deliver the goods in his own show. Which is probably why nobody tries it with movies. Well, nobody but the makers of Get Him to the Greek."
0	"Some of the raunchy bits are amusing, but others prove that funny doesn't automatically follow from dirty."
1	"The movie's story is conventional in shape, but it has passages of crazy exhilaration and brilliant invention."
0	"W.C. Fields warned, ""Never work with children or animals."" Russell Brand and Jonah Hill can add, ""Never work with P. Diddy."""
1	"Brand can seem simultaneously randy and strung-out and is often very funny. Hill is surprisingly touching, which is quite a feat given the number of orifices he is required to display."
1	"Get Him to the Greek ticks all the boxes. It's a satire on rock'n'roll, with Russell Brand as a drugs- and booze-addled English rock star who's trying to restart his career and get back his lost love, model-turned-singer Jackie Q (a Cockney Rose Byrne)"
0	"Given that Judd Apatow is a co-producer, you'd at least expect the film to make you laugh. The humour's all over the place, though."
1	"This is Brand's movie all the way: he's the one snorting the drugs, throwing the tantrums and getting the lion's share of the laughs."
1	"This is Brand's bag: a man intoxicated with himself, who'll never shut up or stop messing around with east London slang and 19th-century swear words until the world drops its knickers."
1	"This is Brand's film, and every aspect of his persona is played to the max - the sexual magnetism, the multiple addictions, the doting but distant mum, the hangers-on and women who want to control him."
0	"The basic tonal problem is established right at the outset: we are being invited to laugh at exotic limey Aldous, whereas Brand's stand-up persona needs us to laugh with him and to see the world through his eyes."
0	
0	"With everything glimpsed at a comfortable overhead distance, our planet becomes so much eye candy for the Nat Geo set."
0	"Though there is little here for an informed person to take issue with, the film's well-intentioned preachiness is unlikely to win over those who favor Genesis and denial over climate science."
1	"The End of the Line understates its case. If what it says is true, it does not seem angry enough. And does it really provide enough facts to underline its argument?"
1	"The poignant facts and figures are offered by a host of likeable marine scientists, local fishermen and activists."
1	"Everyone should watch this film, or at least familiarise themselves with the issues."
1	Murray's film is clear-sighted about the tough choices involved.
0	"Some important questions are raised, but ultimately the insubstantiality of the film's arguments nags."
1	"The film, with its dramatic soundtrack and mood of high intensity, feels like a political broadcast. But it's a persuasive and very important one."
1	"Are we allowed to love what we plan to kill and eat? Perhaps we are. Or perhaps it is the cunning sentimentality of the filmmaker, hooking the viewer in with heartwarming pictures before throwing him into the good-causes basket."
1	"It serves up the science of this potential catastrophe in firm, digestible chunks, though it perhaps didn't require the gloopy New Age music as garnish."
1	"The End of the Line is a free-form splash of jaw-dropping graphs, impressively accredited talking heads, and sumptuously shot portraits of natural beauty and decay, overdramatically scored to symphonic and other intense musical attacks."
0	"Sobering stuff, but presented with no more flair than a television news item."
1	"This passionate ecological documentary, The End of the Line, spells out the problem in clear, urgent, prosaic terms."
1	"Through graph-wielding scientists, picturesque seascapes and Ted Danson's voiceover, director Rupert Murray lays out the facts about the ongoing decimation of world fishing stocks, which could mean the end of tuna as we know it."
0	"Except for lush underwater shots, the movie is dry and preachy. And it would not have hurt to give the other side a chance to respond."
1	The End of the Line is an apocalyptic documentary that is as beautiful as it is damning.
1	"The End of the Line, an eco-mentary that warns against overfishing, baits its hook with alarmist rhetoric and aversion therapy."
1	The End of the Line documents what threatens to become an irreversible decline in aquatic populations within 40 years.
0	It's hard not to feel that the vital information in The End of the Line may have been more effectively relayed by Clover's original book or by a movie whose methods were less pedantic and pedestrian.
1	"Another day, another film about environmental collapse."
0	"This movie wants to cover every base without thinking very deeply about them. So while a lot of ground is covered in 80 brisk minutes, the information presented is only abstractly useful."
1	"If the tone is occasionally off-putting, the message -- at least, the facts about the fish -- is harder to shrug off."
1	The Eclipse is a curious Irish ghost story that fiddles with the recipe just enough to produce interesting results.
0	"Unlike McPherson's stage work, The Eclipse never finds a common ground between the fantastic and the heartfelt."
1	The Eclipse finds plenty of heartfelt gravity in its tale of love lost and found on a gothic coast.
1	"Though The Eclipse travels a sleepy route to a shrug of anticlimax, it's refreshing to see a film acknowledge that life and love don't end at 50, even in the outsized shadow of a soulmate's death."
1	"Makes good on its name by sometimes obscuring its themes and even point, which can have its charms though also severe drawbacks."
1	"McPherson balances these disparate elements with great skill, never resorting to cheap scare tactics in what amounts to a sensitive character study."
0	"he acting is of the highest caliber, but the characters and their circumstances are underwritten."
1	A leisurely and quite lovely drama that honors the conventions of gothic ghost stories without the slightest stain of self-irony.
0	"McPherson -- while getting some lovely shots of the Irish seaside -- never succeeds in making Michael's literary interests, or Lena's passionate interests, seem quite plausible."
1	"The Eclipse is about death and sadness, rebirth and possibility. The film is anchored by Hinds' performance -- the actor brings a soulful melancholy to the proceedings."
1	An interesting blend of very nicely observed character based drama with some horror movie effects.
1	"A smart, scary, spine-tinglingly matter-of-fact ghost story."
1	There are few surprises hidden in the film's hushed spookiness.
0	"Ultimately, though, it feels fleeting and slight passing across our line of vision, never a full but merely a partial engagement."
1	"McPherson has managed a rare hat trick in genre mash-up, fashioning a deeply absorbing movie that balances horror, romance, comedy and observant humanism with surprising finesse."
1	An above-average ghost tale elevated by its cast.
1	"In his quiet house hung with portraits of those who have become ghosts, Michael finally learns to mourn, and we realize that storytelling is how a writer grieves."
1	"The town and surrounding landscapes make a gorgeous setting -- the Irish tourist board will be happy -- but at its heart The Eclipse is a small, contained ghost story about a haunted man learning to exorcise himself."
1	"Hinds, who scored the Best Actor award when the film screened at the Tribeca Festival in New York, possesses an unassuming versatility."
0	"While McPherson may have an extensive reputation as a playwright, as a filmmaker he's one step up from a total amateur."
1	"Hinds has been ready for a role of this size and shape for years; it was simply a matter of finding it, and its finding him."
1	"The supernatural never seems far out of sight in Ireland, and it creeps in here and there during The Eclipse, a dark romance set at a literary festival in the County Cork cathedral town of Cobh. I'm not sure it's required, but it does little harm."
1	"McPherson brews a strangely appealing composite, a movie that is mostly character-driven romance but that seasons the proceedings with timely scare-your-pants-off moments of horror."
1	"Quinn, alternately charming and loathsome, is brilliant, as is Hinds, an actor who has elevated everything he's been in."
1	"The whole thing would probably have flown apart if not for Hinds, whose character, like a dark star imploding, pulls everything toward him."
1	"Missed opportunities and surface gestures aside, Hancock draws affable, energetic performances from all concerned."
1	"Another uplifting and entertaining feel-good, fact-based sports drama."
0	"In every scene, Oher is instructed, lectured, comforted, or petted like a big puppy; he is merely a cipher."
1	"Some will doubtlessly dismiss The Blind Side as another example of a heroic white person saving a black victim but, although there is an element of truth in that perfunctory description, it misses the point."
1	Writer-director John Lee Hancock wisely lets the true story of Michael Oher speak for itself.
0	"What The Blind Side offers is a kind of liberal Hollywood version of conservative values: all rock-solid valor, all the time."
1	The movie's a pretty conventional feel-good sports drama in many ways. But Bullock and Aaron give it heart that transcends the genre.
1	"While it's possible to be enormously entertained and moved by The Blind Side, it's also possible to harbor a twinge of misgiving."
0	It's just blinkered middle-class pandering at its most shameless.
1	"'The Blind Side' may not make the All-American sports movies team, but it plays with plenty of heart."
0	"If someone were telling you this story, you might say, ""Wow. That's something."" Even so, the narrative is not quite big enough to bear the weight and significance that writer-director John Lee Hancock tries to attach to it."
1	"If Frank Capra was still around, director John Lee Hancock might have had to fight him for the job."
0	"Except for a few crude exchanges,The Blind Side is almost as squeaky-clean as an old Disney movie. Unfortunately, it can also be just as cute and condescending."
0	"Director John Lee Hancock's only aiming for a crowd pleaser, and by not challenging the established playbook for inspirational sports dramas, he's no doubt got one."
0	"There's real ambiguity in the Oher case, but writer-director John Lee Hancock papers over it; it's possible to see the Tuohys as generous, caring people without brushing off their less-altruistic reasons for sponsoring Oher."
0	"The Blind Side fumbles a remarkable, true story of an African-American product of the West Memphis projects who ended up at a Christian school and in the care of a wealthy white family, and then went on to professional football glory."
0	Writer-director John Lee Hancock has turned Oher's remarkable life into a Hollywood fable that trades difficult truths for easy clichs.
0	The problem with a story that's almost too good to be true is that someone in Hollywood will try to make it better.
0	"What a drag that, one year into Obama's presidency, American films remain so careful about depicting black actors."
1	"It's a cute, touchy-feely crowd pleaser that wants nothing more than to wrap audiences in a warm holiday embrace. In a sense, it achieves that goal, but it is overly sentimental in a Lifetime movie kind-of-way."
1	"We never learn why Leigh Anne is so fearless, but Bullock is the force here. McGraw is an amiable anchor to her bull-by-the-horns portrayal."
1	"Upon seeing [Bullock's] Oscar-worthy performance is ""finally!"" followed quickly by, ""Why the heck did it take so long?"""
1	The filmmakers pay lip service to the story's racial undertones without ever really rocking the leaky boat.
0	A movie made up almost entirely of turning points and yet curiously devoid of drama or suspense.
0	"The movie glosses over the deeper issues of the tale, ones dealing with race, poverty, privilege and ethics, opting for the feel-good quick hit that makes the overall experience unsatisfying."
1	"What makes The Blind Side a Thanksgiving treat is director Hancock's subtle touch and admirable refusal to yield to sports movie clichs, something he did previously with The Rookie and Remember the Titans."
0	"It's hard to overlook that while Michael's benefactors are white, the villains in the movie are black."
0	Its superficiality keeps it from being the moving story it could have been.
1	"However obvious, The Blind Side is touching -- despite its habit of dropping major character notes into the melody without warning."
1	"Oher(TM)s life is meant to make us feel good, and it mostly does. But how good we feel about his story is proportional to how blind we(TM)re willing to be about how it(TM)s told."
1	"The Blind Side is a big budget, well crafted and finely honed... movie of the week."
0	"Bullock turns in a terrific, ball-breaking performance. Unfortunately, the rest of the film is painfully patronising."
0	"Shows that America, for all its loudhailed Christianity, doesn't really need God at all. It just needs Sandra Bullock and her like."
0	"A few momentary hiccups aside, the film plays out in sickly-sweet fashion, relentlessly shoving the Touhy's self-righteous values down the audiences' throat and never bothering to consider the wider social ramifications..."
0	"It's a celluloid version of Paul McCartney and Stevie's Wonder's Ebony and Ivory, one in which pious, infantilizing didacticism masquerades as humanitarianism."
0	"Quite how Sandra Bullock deserved an Oscar for her one-note turn as bleached supermum Leigh-Anne is a mystery, since it transforms a potentially worthwhile character study into a grandstanding star vehicle."
0	"A Photoshopped image of reality that is bland, parochial, and stereotypically acted by a cast who have nothing like the subtlety and range of Trey Parker's puppets from Team America: World Police."
0	"The movie is done with crispness, vigor, down-home humor, and an over-all tang of good feeling, but the pushing of buttons is the work of extraordinary calculation."
1	"As a fable about the power of giving, it hits pretty hard."
0	This unabashedly sentimental and outright anti-English pic is stodgy as a cheap haggis with nationalistic sentimentality.
1	"Smith, who also wrote the screenplay, is all brisk efficiency over the course of the movie's fat-free 96 minutes."
1	"Written and directed by an American, the film nevertheless feels closer to the 'British' spirit of the old Ealing comedies, something emphasised by its old-fashioned ambience and its charming evocation of the period."
0	"Writer/director Charles Martin Smith is American, which wouldn't matter if this didn't feel so much like a wee-dram-and-bagpipes invitation to a mythical Scotland of yesteryear."
1	Writer/director Charles Martin Smith brings energy and wit to this British-Canadian co-production.
0	
0	
0	The animals here don't talk; that's the movie's one saving grace.
0	"A stupid, mean-spirited little movie that ranks down there with the worst in recent memory. Distant memory, too."
0	"Director Roger Kumble began his big-screen career with a clever Dangerous Liaisons set in high school, Cruel Intentions, and worked his way down to College Road Trip and now this."
0	"This coarse family film is an insult to sentient families. Purporting to encourage conservation and the love of animals, it's a slight to true environmentalists and, heck, even an affront to animals."
0	"In its cretinous fashion, Furry Vengeance is almost impressive. Here's a pro-nature, anti-development family comedy that appears to be made by and for people who never leave the mall."
0	Furry Vengeance is fundamentally about Brendan Fraser getting beat up by creepily anthropomorphized animals. Proceed at your own risk.
0	"No animals may have been hurt in this production, but Brendan Fraser was."
0	Even professional judgment as faulty as Fraser's can't explain his presence in this fleabitten fiasco.
0	"I'm not convinced that repeated assaults to the groin, bee stings to the eyes, raccoon pee in the mouth, or skunk stink sprayed head to toe is the way to teach ecological balance."
0	Furry Vengeance is a collection of feeble jokes in the service of green themes. Sustainability never looked so stupid.
0	"Furry Vengeance is billed as a comedy, but I doubt it'll make you laugh. It might, however, cause you to weep for Brendan Fraser."
0	The paradox here is that the message of respect for animal life is outweighed by the lack of respect for human beings.
0	"Furry Vengeance is unbearable. (Actually, the bear's performance is pretty good.)"
0	Even the obligatory blooper reel that runs during the closing credits is painful in its desperation to generate laughs.
0	"Imagine Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds as a children's comedy, and you have a rough idea of the excruciatingly unfunny Furry Vengeance, which keeps slamming the audience over the head with a single joke."
0	"Kids will lose their minds at the sight of Fraser in a skin-tight pink tracksuit with the words ""Yum Yum"" on his sizeable backside. Parents will sigh and eat popcorn."
0	Even calling it a family flick is to run the risk of guiding families toward it by mistake.
0	"The whole movie feels extrapolated from the five-second clip of a scheming chipmunk on YouTube, bulked out with shots of Fraser being thwacked with some generic crunch noise and falling backwards with his feet in the air."
1	"Sophisticated it isn't, but there are some decent visual gags and Fraser is good fun as the man at war with nature."
0	"Did they have to pad it out with so many repeated pratfalls and inconsequential guff? It should play well enough with the under tens, mind."
0	"Shields is not a natural comic performer, to say the least. Her face has the comic mobility and expressiveness of an Easter Island statue."
0	People often ask reviewers to choose the worst film of the year so far. At last I have a cast-iron candidate.
0	The only saving grace of this wannabe Looney Tune? The animals don't talk.
0	"Sooner or later, you might be inclined to root for hapless predators like Sylvester the Cat or Wile E. Coyote because they are the underdogs and their prey are far more obnoxious than they are."
1	"The family drama resonates strongly with a resolution that, in retrospect, seems like the only way the brothers could have rediscovered blood ties. Meanwhile their fights are downright compelling."
1	An improbably effective and affecting mix of raw emotions and exciting smackdowns.
1	"Ultimately, this movie is more about the dark, bloody conflicts within the human heart than it is about what transpires in the cage."
1	It's about broken families coming together. It's about economic desperation and about America getting off the ropes and recovering its fighting spirit.
1	"Old line-gargler Nolte remains an effortlessly moving presence, while Hardy and Edgerton embody their archetypes and handle the physical demands."
1	"A double-barreled Rocky for the mixed martial arts generations, the practically epic fight film Warrior is one of the most exhilarating surprises of this summer movie season."
1	Director Gavin O'Connor has turned the octagon of Ultimate Fighting into a cage of boiling family emotion.
1	"Against all odds, Warrior sucks you in and leaves you thrumming with excitement."
1	"All in all, though, Warrior wins on points, even with a resolution that didn't work for me."
1	Hardy is as good an actor as there is working today; his intensity here is amazing. Nolte hasn't been this good in a long time. And Edgerton holds his own with both.
1	"Works like gangbusters -- tears will be stifled by the end of the sibling vs. sibling finale -- and most of the credit should go to Hardy, Nolte and Edgerton."
1	"Skillfully made and adrenalin-fueled, Warrior is nothing like what I expected. It overcomes inescapable boxing and martial arts clichs and leaves you thoroughly sated, energized and wanting more."
1	"Yes, the coincidences are fast and furious, but both Edgerton and Hardy give powerful performances as damaged men."
0	"Hits things so hard, both literally and metaphorically, that it's hard not to feel pummeled yourself by the time it's over."
1	The plot is Shakespeare meets Balboa.
0	"Choppy editing makes a hash out of the fight scenes, and, by the end, a Neanderthal sensibility asserts itself: A brotherly beating makes the heart grow fonder."
1	"The two leads, Edgerton and Hardy, pull off their respective roles - rising above the cliches and the melodrama - with ferocity and focus."
0	"All the director and co-writer Gavin O'Connor does is apply old boxing-film tricks to what is, for the movies, a new sport. Then he doubles them."
1	"It is appropriately blunt, powerful and relentless, a study of male bodies in sweaty motion and masculine emotions in teary turmoil."
1	"Every time you start resisting, somehow the film makes the sale, again."
0	"O'Connor chucks away everything that was interesting or dark or subtle in ""Warrior"" and replaces it with a pseudo-individualist, sub-Freudian, Tea Party-friendly fantasy."
1	"Warrior is a man-weepie of the highest Hollywood order, a would-be Rocky for an empire in decline."
1	This is a rare fight movie in which we don't want to see either fighter lose.
1	"Lovers of the sport and macho men in general be warned: Warrior is so beautifully constructed and emotionally engaging, the tears are almost certain to fall. Bring a hankie and/or a very discreet companion."
1	"The beats are familiar, the stakes are high, the fights are brutal, and the rewards are just."
1	"O'Connor films the fight scenes, and the fight training scenes leading up to them, with the requisite oomph."
1	"For all the contemporary references, it's essentially a spin on the story of Cain and Abel, which may be the reason it feels timeless."
1	"It's also a fight movie that knows all the fight movie cliches and doesn't shy away from embracing them wholeheartedly. But it hits its marks and hits them well, and feels fresh even as it traffics so deeply in the familiar."
1	"Warrior is a weirdly affecting hybrid, a 100-proof melodrama that's two-thirds Sylvester Stallone and one-third Eugene O'Neill. Think Rocky's Long Day's Journey into Night."
1	Director Gavin O'Connor comes out swinging in this flawed but fiercely moving family drama...Strong stuff.
1	"While ""Warrior"" does offer enough jaw-snapping action to sate any 'roid-ragers in the audience, it works on deeper levels as well."
0	"Nolte's performance is masterful, marshalling together pain and regret and a slowly dawning comprehension in a single wince. But all this film has going for it besides him are its incredibly brutal fight scenes."
0	A cheap exploitation picture wrapped in miles and miles of stale would-be Oscar scenes...
1	"""Warrior"" could have used a bit more guts. But it's still a knockout."
1	This fictional drama about two men struggling with the anger planted in them by their abusive father has moments of power that push through a fake-out script.
0	"Warrior's three principle characterizations are compelling - Nolte in particular gives a tempered performance as the shambling, sad-eyed wreck of a dad - but not enough to mask the film's lesser elements."
1	It's too corny to live. But the picture is a slam dunk. I mean a ground-and-pound double-leg takedown. It's really gripping.
1	Warrior ends up feeling a lot bigger than you expect it to.
1	"The movie is so skillfully made, and the performances are so convincingly real (Hardy is sensational), that, as it reaches its cathartic, winning finish, it achieves a surprising compassion and honesty."
1	This doesn't pack a punch like 'The Fighter' - but it's still a must for grapple fans.
0	Has to conform to the lunkhead straitjacket of the tournament format: one dufus pounding another in extreme close-up for what seems like an eternity.
1	Hardy's physicality here is something to behold: you wonder how many personal trainers he worked his way through to get those neck muscles.
1	"Sickly sentimental, but the barnstorming fight scenes will leave you counting stars."
1	Carries you along despite its obvious faults and pretensions
0	"Grainy, hand-held cinematography can't lend authenticity to the forced emotion."
1	Its three leads certainly deserve consideration for their artfulness in being able to infuse it with intimations of quality.
0	"Noisy and excessive where the original was hushed and restrained, and wholly devoid of mystique..."
0	"Lang's film, the last he made in the U.S., exposed the immorality of the death penalty; Hyams's retread offers only more plot and longer, louder car chases."
0	"Beyond a Reasonable Doubt feels like some throwaway 1980s TV movie, with its implausible premise, dizzying twists, cheesy montages and melodramatic score."
0	"Douglas makes smarm a chewy pleasure, but this is a noir in search of a hero we can root for because we actually buy what he's doing."
0	"Any amateur magician can successfully yank the tablecloth away, but it's only impressive if there's something of value on the table."
0	"Like its title, Beyond a Reasonable Doubt is a generic, forgettable courtroom thriller."
0	What you won't be able to figure out is why this laughable yarn didn't go straight to DVD.
0	The leads can't lend either spunk or gravitas to what was already a preposterous yarn 50 years ago.
0	There are plenty of reasonable doubts about his mediocre legal thriller remake.
0	"I've got no problem with movies that stack up twists like crazy straws. Hyam's script, however, depends on us being dumber than every character in the film-you'd have to reach protozoan levels just to resist wanting to strangle everyone in it."
0	"Despite excellent stunt work and a too-brief appearance by Orlando Jones as an unflappable cop, the movie -- unlike Mr. Douglas's hairdo -- never rises above mediocrity."
0	"What I can't figure out is how director Peter Hyams can remake a 1956 movie from the great Fritz Lang and not learn anything about suspense, pacing and storytelling in the process."
0	A good rule to follow for wannabe gritty thrillers: Lead actors shouldn't remind you of late-night informercial pitchmen.
0	"There's little in this pointless rehash to distract audiences from the pleasure of watching Tamblyn, a fine young actress whose direct, grownup stare belies her baby features."
1	"Successfully balancing art-film portraiture with a gangster picture's plot, the film may be one of the more conventional movies in this year's Cannes competition, it's also been one of the more satisfying."
1	"French master Jacques Audiard has challenged the thus-far mostly middling Cannes competition with a powerful prison drama that's an old-fashioned Bildungsroman in in-your-face, intensely realistic disguise."
1	Audiard's sensationally directed set pieces and the quietly compelling performance by Rahim hold interest throughout
1	"The sheer force of Audiard's direction can support such enigmas. It forces you, bullies you, persuades you to love his filmmaking style - even if not always to understand his motives."
1	"A Prophet, Jacques Audiard's masterful prison saga, will undoubtedly be considered to be one of the great films of 2010, if not the coming decade."
1	"This is the work of the rarest kind of film-maker, the kind who knows precisely what he is doing and where he is going. The film's every effect is entirely intentional."
1	"Its similarity to pulp Hollywood - in a festival context, a valuable antidote to art-house sprawl and drift - now makes it seem more rather than less generic."
1	"The Gallic gangster tradition appears to be in rude health. Audiard's film is a triumph that deserves international recognition, but as with the likes of Gomorrah, films that tell it like it is reap their own rewards."
1	"This is a moral movie set in an immoral world, one of those circle-squaring feats at which French drama and cinema so darkly excel."
1	"A Prophet will be bracketed in years to come as a prison drama, but it will stay in the memory of those who see it as a character study, bristling with cross-currents of feeling and sharp observation."
1	"The reach of the film goes well beyond France and beyond Europe: it might be the most gripping work of art this year, and not seeing it could seriously damage your interestingness."
1	Jacques Audiard's prison drama is a bracingly cynical antidote to the waftiness of much French cinema.
1	"With a rich vein of brains, brawn and twists to constantly turn this film and its audience on their heads, Une Prophet is a truly compelling journey into the criminal world, that may well prove to be the Godfather of its generation."
1	"Rahim is an exciting, unpredictable presence, and Arestrup's Cesar has a stature that's nearly Shakespearean."
1	"Jacques Audiard's film, which lasts two and a half hours, maintains an unflagging urgency, stalling only when the double-dealing grows too dense."
0	"The film is deficient in form and content-not naturalistic so much as neutered, less revisionist than rote."
1	A quietly stunning saga that won the Grand Prix last year at Cannes and is a worthy Oscar nominee for Best Foreign Language Film...
1	A Prophet is one of those rare films in which the moral stakes are as insistent and thought through as the aesthetic choices.
1	"Thoroughly absorbing, exciting, even poetic."
1	"Rahim and Arestrup are both so outstanding that if this were an English-language film, they'd probably be nominated for Oscars, too. Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/movies/2010/02/26/2010-02-26_short_takes_a_prophet_art_of_the_steal_y"
1	"A Prophet is a compelling piece of naturalistic filmmaking, claustrophobic and thought-provoking."
1	An answered prayer for those who believe that revitalizing classic forms with contemporary attitudes makes for the most compelling kind of cinema.
1	"A Prophet is uncompromising in its style, story and characterizations."
1	"A highly original film made in a familiar context, and an exciting moviegoing experience you shouldn't miss."
1	Director Jacques Audiard scores a triumph of the highest order with the defiant poetry of his vision.
1	Stephane Fontaine's hand-held lensing complements Audiard's in-your-face bravado.
1	"If his two previous films suggested a director dipping a few toes in dark waters, Un Prophete marks the moment when Audiard took the plunge."
1	This is a class of movie that operates on a higher plane than its peers. I wrestled with it. But on some level it's here to be wrestled with.
1	"Writer-director Jacques Audiard manages to replicate The Godfather's most elusive element, not the dark comedy or the operatic bloodletting, but the incremental corruption of a decent man into a willful, coldhearted killer."
1	"A Prophet pushes its protagonist into circumstances he did not choose but in which he watches and learns and kills and eventually becomes all he can be, albeit criminally."
1	"The newcomer Rahim is an enigma. What is he thinking? I believe that's the quality Audiard wants. He's a newly poured man, and when the mold sets, it happens inside."
1	"A Prophet is as gripping as any recent film about crime and criminals, although its ill-focused attempts to incorporate elements of the supernatural (prophetic visions and ghostly apparitions) are bizarre and ineffective."
1	Tremendously watchable cinema.
1	An object lesson in how prison can serve as a finishing school for crooks.
1	"Amidst the gloom, urgently summoning our attention, is one of the most impressive performances of recent times, by relative newcomer Tahar Rahim."
1	A Prophet solidifies director Jacques Audiard's standing as a criminal mastermind whose work leaves genre classifications in the dust.
1	"Although these aren't characters with whom filmgoers will have an instinctive rooting interest, Rahim and Arestrup imbue them with fascinating nuances and, in Rahim's case, surprising vulnerability."
1	"In Jacques Audiard's haunting prison drama A Prophet, we watch a young man transformed by life behind bars."
1	"Rahim, with only a few film and TV roles behind him, gives a performance of startling force and subtlety."
1	"A really satisfying, meaty film."
1	"The film never succumbs to the pitfalls of the prison-movie genre, and there's something poetic about how Audiard, in the midst of all this violence, manages to make a punch to the stomach seem like the most violent act of all."
1	"Audiard never overplays the new experiences facing Malik, be they violent or touching. Yet his tender regard for our complicated hero shines through."
1	"The success of Malik is sheer American dream via France: Anyone can make it if they try hard enough. Make it at what, of course, is always the question."
1	"A Prophet is essential viewing for art-film buffs and crime-flick fans, but also for anyone who's looking for a great story, terrific acting and masterful filmmaking."
1	"Audiard has talked about the prospects of a sequel to A Prophet. With the foundation he has built here, it would be a welcome one."
1	"A movie that stands with the best prison thrillers from any country; a film that vividly illustrates the connection between prison and the violent, radical form of Islam that keeps much of Europe on edge."
1	
1	"A Prophet is not a fabulous film, but it is well worth seeing. Although it is 2 hours 29 minutes long and its story is not surprising, it is always riveting."
0	Competent but unimaginative.
0	"If nothing else, Homecoming should effectively squelch any movie-star ambition on the part of Mischa Barton, though the camera is more than usually attentive to her cleavage."
0	"Nothing in the film is truly, laughably bad, but then -- unlike this year's Obsessed -- nothing is campily entertaining, either."
0	"As ineffectual police work and broken feet stack up, the silliness gets out of hand."
0	"Everything, including the ending, plays out exactly as you'd expect."
0	Homecoming is coldly efficient for what it is. But what it is is trash.
0	An unmitigated B-movie that isn't thrilling enough or cheesy enough to make it worth the trip.
0	Neither trashy nor self-consciously funny enough to make its genre-trapped ludicrousness sing.
0	
1	"This is conventional dramatic material played with an occasionally heavy hand, but sculpted with care and quiet assurance by helmer Neil Abramson."
1	"Stirringly told, American Son dramatizes a harsh social reality and tributes this nation's fighting force."
0	"Serviceably enjoyable, like cold pizza but little more."
0	"Franois Velle's local crime drama is so earnest, it feels unkind to tell the truth -- which is that we've seen this story, told in just this way, too many times before."
0	A tired and derivative plot builds up to an unconvincing series of shootings with which the movie fills its violence quota.
0	The Narrows is too riddled with clichs reaching past Scorsese all the way to Cagney flicks to be any more effective than a mowed-down capo.
0	"Until it implodes with preposterous plot manipulations, The Narrows can be appreciated as the film equivalent of a reasonably palatable pasta dish concocted from a familiar recipe and served in a no-frills restaurant."
0	
1	"It's a small, peculiar film, one unlikely to appeal much to women, non-sports fans and mainstreamers, but its uncomfortable comic insights should win it a loyal following."
1	Dark and engrossing look at a sports fanatic.
0	"Audiences are invited to congratulate themselves for not reviling Paul, as long as they keep him at arm's length."
1	Robert Siegel makes a potent directing debut with a scrappy movie that refuses to sentimentalize or ridicule its besieged hero worshipper.
1	"Mr. Siegel nails so many quirky details, and finds humor in the smallest of moments, that Big Fan is surprisingly poignant, too."
1	Big Fan is a spasmodically funny and bleak film about the love that speaks its name.
1	"Big Fan shares a nutty kinship with the obsessive-loner pictures of Martin Scorsese, namely Taxi Driver and The King of Comedy. And while Oswalt is no De Niro, the stand-up comic brings a schlumpy pathos to his portrait that shows depth and dimension."
1	"The movie concludes with a series of tense, unpredictable scenes. Isn't that why we love sports so much, because we never know what will happen?"
1	"Superb Noo Yawk attitude, dialogue and performances keep the movie lively and tart, but it also turns out to have a surprising plot with a few twists you won't see coming."
1	"Writer/director Robert D. Siegel understands the psychology of the obsessive sports fan, and he brings it to the screen in Big Fan, a dark comedy that occasionally skirts close to the edge of tragedy."
1	"With its unremittingly bleak humor and eagerness to plumb the depths of fanboy abjection, Big Fan seems destined for a future in the cult canon."
0	"The movie gets repetitive, and when it calls an audible and goes somewhere unexpected, it pulls back quickly. Too bad."
1	"Robert Siegel, the writer-director of Big Fan, was also the writer of The Wrestler, last year's most overrated movie. In some ways, I like this one more, but it's yet another grunge fest."
1	"An unblinking look at the hidden (or perhaps not so ??hidden) pathology of American sports mania, in which the power and victory of your team becomes the sole conduit for your self-worth."
1	"Big Fan isn't a touchdown, but its patient torture reminded me of the rest of the world's football: tense stretches of nothing with enough killer moments to cheer."
1	What's left is a vivid portrait of an exceedingly ordinary man for whom there's no great epiphany or cliched redemption. That may be Siegel's trickiest play of all.
0	"It's a modest, drab little drama about a psychologically unstable guy living in a sad little corner of America."
1	[Oswalt] is doing work here he has never done on screen.
1	"Big Fan is a poignant, dead-on character study, an examination of a crisis in the life of the most die-hard of die-hard New York Giants football fans."
1	"Oswalt nails Paul's mix of sadness and devotion, and Siegel gives the whole affair an air of gloom with just the barest hint of satire."
1	A bleakly funny character study of a very particular species of urban fauna -- the sports radio call-in fanatic -- Big Fan is compulsively watchable.
1	"In his first starring role, Oswalt, a stand-up comedian whose trademark persona is part comic-book geek and part frat-house hedonist, inhabits a character who is both painfully familiar and poignantly alone."
1	"A comedy with dark undertones, it asks: What kind of a man listens to and calls sports talk radio compulsively, even at 2 a.m.? Even out of season? Even on, say, Thanksgiving? He should get a life, do you think?"
1	"Though the movie isn't much to look at, he gets a credibly dark and pathetic performance from the typically comic Oswalt."
1	"It's a classic situation, transplanted to a small, petty arena. When I think of this movie, I think of Oswalt, how his anguish feels real (whether we understand it or not) and how his face unaccountably becomes an offbeat locus of dignity."
1	"Writer-director Robert D. Siegel grew up listening to callers like Paul on The FAN, New York City's all-sports radio, and he gives us a bizarrely sympathetic portrait of a guy who is as devout and as obsessive as any religious fanatic."
1	"First-time director Siegel shows promise. His script is solid, and although the last act feels somewhat awkward, the idea is clever."
1	
1	Noyce rolls up his sleeves and delivers an unpretentious piece of action-movie craftsmanship that proves worthy of its star's own consummate professionalism.
1	"While preposterous at every turn, Salt is a better Bond movie than most recent Bond movies, as its makers keep the stunts real and severely limit CGI gimmickry."
1	"This is still closer to product than art. Highly satisfying, often exhilarating, refreshingly unpretentious product."
0	It's easy to figure out what Salt is. But who is she? That's a question the film never really seemed interested in answering.
1	Jolie herself is in her full glory here as a character born when Bond and Brezhnev ruled.
1	"This old-fashioned spy actioner... is fast-moving, exciting and contains more twists than a tunnel under Checkpoint Charlie."
1	It's like a John le Carr double-agent yarn compacted into comic-book pulp as if by the makers of Con Air.
1	"Salt is primed to keep your pulse racing so your brain will stop thinking, ""WTF!"" Go with the illogic or you'll miss the fun."
0	"Jolie's days as an action heroine may be behind her. She's still got the cruel lips. But at some point, a cookie or two needs to pass over them to give her the brawn to pull off this stuff."
0	"Honestly, if this is the best the CIA, the Secret Service, the NYPD and whatever other government agency tasked with finding bad guys can do, we're in worse trouble than we thought."
0	Things slowly start to deteriorate despite the best efforts of the star and her behind-the-scenes collaborators.
0	Salt is about as believable as a secret training program for military pilots consisting entirely of kangaroos in flight helmets. But it must be said that the star carries her load admirably.
0	Jolie does as well as she can with the twigs they've given her to make a plot house out of.
1	"Its narrative strategy is to leave audiences in the dark for much of the action, but each tidbit we're given fits into the broader picture. The action scenes are imaginative and elaborate without seeming fake."
1	"Really, who goes to summer action movies for cast-iron logic anyway? Or for plausible characters, for that matter?"
1	"Salt is a well-greased, smoothly functioning machine that drives forward with tremendous momentum, elevating your pulse rate and relieving you of the need to think for more than a second or two at a stretch."
1	Noyce's methods of crafting suspense are defiantly old-fashioned: low-angle shots for maximum viewer disorientation and a preference for daredevil stunt work over CGI cheating.
1	A relentlessly moving flick that cements Jolie's position as queen of the action stars.
1	"As she tries to find her husband, and perhaps assassinate the Russian president, she's not quite sure who or what she is. And neither are we. Which is precisely why the whole thing works."
1	"The relentless pace, hair-raising stunts and air of affected gravitas also goes a long way in boosting Salt a rung above much of this summer's other multiplex fare as a top-notch action thriller."
0	"While the plot is outlandish, it unspools with obvious twists and turns. The film has its tense moments, but instead of dazzle, there's a workmanlike quality to the action sequences."
0	"Jolie's action vehicle is just that -- an action vehicle, moving fast but thinking slow."
0	The kind of thriller that skitters after its star playing catch-up.
0	"I want the Evelyn Salt workout. Otherwise, Salt is ridiculous."
1	"Noyce's past excursions into action filmmaking, most notably the Harrison Ford-as-Jack Ryan films, have been a bit flavorless, but here he delivers one from the gut."
1	"Like the condiment whose name it shares, director Phillip Noyce's run-like-hell thriller starring Angelina Jolie satisfies a basic human taste -- something to go with the popcorn. I liked it. It knows what it's doing."
0	Why is Angelina Jolie starring in a Jean Claude Van Damme movie?
1	It's like a rebuke to all the lousy action movie directors who've been banging pots and pans together in our skulls. It winds your clock tight and the alarm doesn't go off for 100 minutes.
0	"There comes a point when it becomes difficult to take Salt seriously. That would be fine if this was an intentional parody of action spy thrillers, but it's not."
1	"An old-school spy vs. spy action film complete with elaborate car and foot chases, deadly sleeper agents and frosty-eyed, vodka-shooting Soviet stalwarts who lament the fall of Communism and chortle evilly over the possibility of destroying the [USA]."
1	"Salt, a ludicrous but somehow credible spy thriller starring Angelina Jolie, delivers a swift, super-charged kick in the pants."
0	"As a consumable resource, Salt goes down easy, but it's lacking both nourishment and flavor."
1	A more swiftly assembled spy thriller than anything since 'The Bourne Ultimatum.'
1	"The audience's relationship to Jolie as an off-screen superhero -- a bona-fide, old-school movie star -- makes her ludicrously competent character seem contiguous with her real-life persona."
0	This is a movie with a massive Cold War hangover.
1	"Salt is a smart, fast, breathless blast of a spy flick that emulates the Bourne films in all the right ways."
1	Thought the recently swapped Russian spy Anna Chapman was foxy? Hah.
1	[Jolie is] probably the most dynamic action star in the movies right now and certainly the most exotic.
0	Crushingly generic.
0	"[T]he limited, forgivable absurdities... gradually give way to a level of pandemic preposterousness that makes Ethan Hunt look like George Smiley."
1	It all happens in such a frenzy of momentum and on-the-fly exposition that some of the more preposterous elements in the story will strike you only in retrospect.
1	Angelina Jolie is one deadly weapon in this breathless political thriller
0	Some of the cheesiest '80s action movies were more fun than this one because their heroes were trained in a technique alien to Salt: a sense of humor.
0	"I can't say if this nicely crafted nonsense will sell as a franchise, but I know that I miss the unpretentiousness of the Bourne movies."
1	Salt is a senseless blast.
1	"The real point is to give Jolie ample opportunity to go Bonding about, which she does with great verve. It's impossible to imagine any other female star in Hollywood bringing such ferocious conviction to the task."
1	"There's still a lot to enjoy in Jolie's performance, and in the undercurrents of ambiguity in Salt, the questions of identity that repeatedly surface in the film."
0	Just one bombastically soundtracked set of crashes and bangs after another.
0	The focus here is less on creating a credible set of characters and motives than on manufacturing an excuse to have Jolie leapfrog between high-speed lorries.
1	"The film is fluff, nonsense and artful tomfoolery, all at the speed of sound."
1	"It's pacy, smart, subversive and knocked out with such verve and attack that you're not in the least bit bothered by how far-fetched it all is."
1	"By no means a classic, but nonetheless a job well done."
0	"The plot of Phillip Noyce's spy thriller is continually and unutterably absurd, yet for the first hour, when Salt goes on the run from the Agency, packs a fair few thrills."
0	"Can an action film have too much action? It sounds unlikely, like a cheese being too cheesy, but here's Salt to show us different."
1	"In the great tradition of summer popcorn hits, Angelina Jolie's action-spy thriller Salt is stupid but fun."
0	Not even the estimable comic chops of Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker can lift it above the level of ordinary.
0	A fish-out-of-water story with a bit of a freshness issue.
0	"Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are supposed to pass for a married couple, but they have all the chemistry of two actors who just met and shook hands moments before the cameras rolled."
0	"Lawrence's recycled observations of the virtues of rural life, his struggles to find something funny about local ""types"" (an unworldly doctor and his nave-nitwit nurse), his ""grizzly encounter"" scene, are painful to watch."
0	"There's no sense of affection. No passion, even when they fight. Their dialogue rings hollow. These two aren't believable and their relationship is a black hole. Who cares?"
0	An exercise in foregone conclusions so dreary as to hardly qualify as comedy.
0	"You know the line about what a bear does in the woods? Not only is that wittier than all of Did You Hear About the Morgans?, it describes the movie as well."
0	"Did you hear about Did You Hear About the Morgans? Really, you don't want to."
0	"There are countless moments throughout the film when writer-director Marc Lawrence pauses for a laugh line, but the jokes hang there for an eternity while Grant winces apologetically, like he's just shattered a dish."
0	Did You Hear About the Morgans? has no room for surprises.
0	"Toss this one on the ever-growing pile of failed Hollywood romantic comedies, and wish Grant and Parker better luck next time."
0	It's not just the sound of crickets you hear watching this movie. It's the sound of dead crickets.
0	Grant has never been less charming and Parker never less fashionable or more grating than they are as Paul and Meryl Morgan.
0	"If you are expecting a pleasant evening of escapism, you will be cruelly fooled. The editor responsible for the trailer is clearly a genius."
0	"Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker ply their cute trademarks (his befuddled British grimace, her la-di-da New York sass) like grim, incompatible partners in a Hollywood business deal."
0	"Clich-ridden, stereotype-stuffed and clunky at every inevitably false turn, it's so bad that star Hugh Grant, usually the most relaxed of actors, actually seems to be in pain throughout the film."
0	"Yes, comedies thrive on broad strokes. But selling Americans lame images of one another as if we haven't traversed the country (if not in actuality, via television and film) is dispiriting."
1	"Mostly it's an invitation to spend an easy 108 minutes with some very likable folks (Grant, Sam Elliott, and Mary Steenburgen) as they amble through a laid-back fish-out-of-water comedy."
1	"A comedy with mostly likable, broadly drawn characters; tart, nonthreatening social satire with sharp enough teeth to leave an impression while not breaking the skin; and well-timed, modestly sophisticated repartee."
0	"Did you hear about the Morgans? If so, you might wish you hadn't."
0	"Sometimes it's unpleasant, sometimes it's insincere, and for long stretches it's boring. There are good parts, too, but they all come in the first 10 minutes."
0	"A painful failure, lumpish and crude."
0	There's a scene where Hugh Grant confronts a grizzly bear and I've never rooted so hard for a predatory mammal.
1	The cast is in such fine form that everything seems funny.
0	"While it fails on nearly every conceivable level, as a textbook case in everything contemptible in the studio system, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is as good as it gets."
1	It's a pity there's no witness protection program for movies that commit crimes against audiences.
0	I grant you Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker evoke charm in the right screenplay. This is the wrong screenplay.
0	"Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker are assigned to a witness protection program, flown to Wyoming, and installed in a one-horse town where there are no bistros, art galleries, department stores, or funny jokes."
0	"Most bad comedies plod from scene to scene. This one plods from sentence to sentence. Grant and Parker stand around as if they're waiting for someone to yell, ""Cut."""
0	The movie is like a car wreck in which no one is injured but the onlookers.
1	"With less edge than soup, Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a proud, plain, rom com."
0	"If you're going to resort to a formula this hoary, you need to put plenty of energy into it."
0	
0	"This ultra-mild frolic follows the 'fish-out-of-water' comedy formula so closely its lack of surprise is almost, well, surprising."
1	"In a silly way, it is entertaining, the mismatch is actually weirdly plausible, and try as I might, I couldn't be grumpy about it."
0	"Parker is better, injecting a note of rawness and authenticity into an otherwise misconceived subplot about adoption. Even she can't fake any curiosity in, yet alone sexual chemistry with, Grant."
0	"Perhaps this new decade could be the one in which female audiences are treated as something other than a dumping ground for the lazy, complacent idiocy that has passed for chick flicks of late."
0	"The cinematic equivalent of throwing buckets of money at a house with no foundations. The worst thing is, and sadly for cinema, this house shows no sign of falling down any time soon."
0	"Writer-director Marc Lawrence's film delivers some halfway decent lines for Grant to gobble up gratefully enough up until this point, but from here on in it gets worse and worse."
0	
1	"Sleeping Dogs Lie -- a/k/a ""the dog blowjob rom-com"" -- planted the seed (OK, wrong choice of words) that Goldthwait wrings tender humanity from disturbing premises, but his scandalously entertaining new satire proves a darker, funnier success."
1	It's definitely got something special to it.
1	I think Goldthwait wrote a terrific script here and I think it manages to stay funny after it takes its rather dark turn.
1	Goldthwait's great visual pun is that Kyle's gawky class picture is increasingly backlit and screen-printed until he's no longer an acne-ed geek but a beatific Che Guevara
1	Lands improbably on its feet after every reckless plot turn.
1	"[A] savagely funny, unexpectedly touching exploration of the human need to idealize and romanticize the dead."
0	"Once the movie shifts gears, it becomes a timid Donnie Darko-like surrealist fable."
1	"At 99 minutes, World's Greatest Dad is a tad too long, and takes its sweet time to get to the point. But its twisted heart is in the right place."
1	Flashes of deadpan outrageousness occasionally redeem the dourness.
1	World's Greatest Dad is a twisted comedy that refuses to let any assumption rest in peace -- including the one that every dearly departed is really dear at all.
1	With a merciless acuity this nihilistic comedy ridicules collective grief and the news media's cynical marketing of inspirational uplift after a death.
1	World's Greatest Dad makes sharp but obvious observations about the social strata of an American high school.
1	"The movie isn't perfect -- it suffers from an uneven tone in the first half-hour, but it claims the one key ingredient a satire of this nature must possess: fearlessness."
1	"World's Greatest Dad, Bobcat Goldthwait's latest garishly potty-mouthed and over-the-top black comedy, blows up every rule of taste, good cinema, and common sense, and somehow gets away with it."
1	"For all of its cutting cynicism, Dad proves unexpectedly moving in its portrait of a middle-aged man leaving childish things behind."
1	"Though hampered by an uneven tone and a disturbing conclusion, World's Greatest Dad is a bold, black comedy balanced by an unexpected sense of humanity."
1	"Ultimately, Dad finds a somewhat unsatisfying and overblown way out of [its] intriguing ambivalence. But that's the only disappointing note in an otherwise smart and observant movie about reckless acts of adult survival."
1	"As a filmmaker seeking to master the art of satire without cynicism, Bobcat Goldthwait might be one sick puppy -- but he's also the sweetest one we've got."
1	"For a comedy about autoerotic asphyxiation, epic deception, and shameless exploitation, World's Greatest Dad is a surprisingly sweet and tender affair."
1	"At times, the film recalls some amalgam of Heathers' and Election,' but its talons don't draw the same blood."
1	"Williams, with a brave smile that belies the toxic environment, emerges with a trophy as one of Hollywood's greatest survivors."
1	Bobcat Goldthwait makes a daring assault in World's Greatest Dad against our yearning to mythologize the dead. But he loses his nerve just before the earth is completely scorched.
1	There's more going on here than the age-old struggle between maturity and its surly teen antithesis.
1	Who could have guessed that a cat named Bobcat could write a screenplay or direct a film as refreshingly sensitive as this one?
1	"The movie essentially relies on the same joke being told over and over. But Goldthwait finds enough clever ways into that joke to make it seem fresh, and he makes you curious to see how far he's willing to push it."
1	"Making Kyle godawful may seem edgy, even authentic. But it's pure setup."
1	"With his delicate mix of sick humor and compassion, Goldthwait is that rare comic writer who can legitimately be compared to Lenny Bruce."
1	"Offering Robin Williams his richest role in memory while serving up a nice cold bowl of shock soup for the audience, World's Greatest Dad is a surprisingly smart and severely twisted dark comedy from comic Bobcat Goldthwait."
1	"Goldthwait's script turns into a surprisingly restrained, focused sendup of the blind adulation often bestowed on flawed personalities once they croak too soon."
1	"The bravest, smartest comedy of the year."
1	"I loved the film's what-the-hell attitude to production values. The cinematography is no better than it should be, the sets are any place that will plug in a production cable. I loved the sourly but smartly inventive script."
1	"Williams keeps his head above water, and a giddy climax recuperates some of the original energy -- enough, at least, to make this director's next project one worth rooting for anew."
1	"This film is bold and provocative, but it's weak at the core. It is the weakness of an old dog trying desperately to learn new tricks."
1	"Goldthwait's pacing is uncertain, and his humour is frequently ""off"", but the sense of risky provocation is compelling."
1	We can't wait to see what Goldthwait does next.
1	"Goldthwait has given it a title that will make some shy away. But don't. It's a comedy about the particularly American capacity to create legends out of the dead, and it's sharper than most."
1	
1	
0	
1	No Impact Man -- the film and the book -- could well end up instruction manuals.
0	How much can we possibly glean from a guy whose idealism can be measured with a calendar?
1	"The family has its struggles, certainly, but even more than a statement about the environment, No Impact Man offers a thoughtful narrative on the compromises of marriage and how this particular couple found a way to meet in the middle."
1	"Finally an environmental advocacy film for those of us who have the best of intentions but a weakness for Peet's espressos, takeout dinners and an occasional Marc Jacobs sale, to say nothing of a dependence on toilet paper..."
1	"The film, like Beavan himself, leaves an unholy mess of contradictions in its wake, but most productively, a great deal of those contradictions are our own."
1	Unsparingly exposes the confused power dynamics of a certain kind of modern middle-class marriage.
1	"You may find Colin Beavan unbearably smug, but at the heart of his mission lies an inconvenient truth: Our consumable, disposable, unsustainable culture is destroying the planet, and there's no way to change that without making sacrifices."
1	"It may not be the greatest of cinematic exercises, and it often feels contrived, but this documentary somehow is enlightening, ridiculous, foreboding and funny at the same time."
1	"It all seems like a stunt, especially since Beaven has also written a just-published book about his experiences, but he and Conlin are an engaging pair who don't let zealotry get in the way of humor."
1	A strange yet riveting portrait of a marriage enduring a year spent making as little environmental impact as possible.
1	"Like reality TV, there are moments of drama that have an aura of awkward self-consciousness about them and incidents that feel, if not staged, at the very least orchestrated, amped up. But you have to hand it to Beavan and Conlin."
1	"This poignant, provocative documentary reduces the green movement to human scale -- and magnifies the size of mountain it's trying to climb."
1	No Impact Man is a very confused documentary that somehow puts its confusion to good use.
0	"It advances important and laudable ideas, but in a cliched, gimmicky way."
0	"It doesn't sound like fun, and it isn't fun to watch."
0	"Amiable enough, though it resembles a marketing tool for Beavan's book about his project."
0	
0	"Monika Treut (Female Misbehavior) has made a fruitful career out of documenting nonfiction gender studies and LGBT anthropology, but her attempt at exploring such issues in a narrative context is clunky to a fault."
0	Lesbian and supernatural themes combined to less-than-stellar effect.
0	"Flat visuals, flat script, flat performances: Ghosted is only mildly redeemed by the on-the-ground travelogue footage of Taipei and Hamburg, and I'm being generous."
0	"Clumsily written, mostly in English, with performances to match, the only real mystery surrounding Ghosted is how this soporific bore got made."
0	An elegant but unsatisfying drama of cross-cultural lesbian love triangles.
0	
1	Pierces the senses.
0	"Apparently so personal that it feels as though it were hatched in a hermetically sealed capsule, Boaz Yakin's Death in Love is as ambitious as it is stultifying and deadly to watch."
1	A pretentious and stilted but weirdly compelling blend of sins-of-the-parent saga and horror movie.
1	"Survivor's guilt jumps a generation in Boaz Yakin's bleak family portrait, an incendiary journey back into the psychic horrors of the Holocaust."
0	"What makes pretentious, low-budget-indie filmmakers think the world is waiting breathlessly to absorb their personal memoirs like groundbreaking new recipes for meatballs?"
0	It's not as if we learn anything or feel any insight or catharsis from watching his characters destroy themselves and others.
1	Death in Love is occasionally pretentious but always riveting.
1	"Yakin and his cast are up to the job, but the current they tap into is so charged it proves overpowering. Still, their bravery is commendable."
0	There's something seriously wrong when you assemble actors this good -- and can't believe a single stilted word coming out of their mouths.
0	How do you explain a movie as hermetic and perverse and ultimately repugnant as Death in Love?
0	"Posing as a study in evil, Death in Love is claptrap that confuses bile with art."
1	"Although the novelty of 3-D adds some drama to the contests, your snazzy glasses do nothing to block out the inanity that comes from the mouths of the participants, the play-by-play commentators, and narrator Emile Hirsch."
0	"A relatively unimaginative take on the proceedings, coupled with occasionally bizarre stereoscopic work and awkward narration, causes the pic to bail out more often than it soars."
1	3D adds a little something extra to this movie-length advertisement for X Games.
0	"As a movie, X-Games 3D: The Movie isn't a movie at all. It's a 90-minute commercial for the games, lacking much in the line of drama, compelling characters or story line."
0	"With its self-promoting tone and overwrought voice-over, the movie can seem more an ad for the X Games (and ESPN Films) than a real sports documentary."
0	"What's in the film other than what you might have seen on TV? Yes, it's in 3D, which adds nothing and dims the picture."
0	"Aside from unrevealing sit-downs with a few key players, X-Games 3D: The Movie is mostly an overlong demo reel of increasingly gutsy tricks."
0	"Unfocused and underwhelming, X Games 3D is most notable as a missed opportunity."
0	"This feature is X-treme only in its multidimensional dullness, which is compounded by interviews in which the interchangeable thrillbots discuss themselves and each other with an immense lack of insight."
0	"Although the competitions are undoubtedly impressive achievements in the daredevil arts, as a record of what these mentally tough participants do, it too often feels like a warmed-over energy drink."
1	"Those of us who prefer the winter edition of the X Games -- snowboarding and all that - would be happy to watch a counterpart film to this one, with a bit of snow. Just a hint, ESPN."
0	"This promotion for the ESPN event is poorly written, contains too much hero worship and profiles too many events."
0	"Such dime-store philosophy, coupled with the running commentary from the Games' heinously Spicoli-esque announcers, ruins an otherwise gripping, in-your-face experience."
1	The kicks come from some over-the-top clips and Imasuen's disarming mix of bombast and shrewdness when he appears on set or as a commentator.
1	"The little-known story of Nigeria's movie success is examined in Nollywood Babylon, a fascinating documentary by Canadians Ben Addelman and Samir Mallal."
1	"For all its limitations, Nollywood Babylon serves as an intriguing primer."
1	"Though Aron Gaudet's documentary never quite captures the relieved atmosphere of these homecomings, it does acknowledge the dark side of a cheery platitude: those on both sides of the divide are in need of healing."
0	Gaudet has a hard time extending his material to feature length.
1	The Way We Get By is neither pro- nor anti-war; it's a somber study of perpetually unsettled lives.
1	"Although it has affecting moments, the film can't quite decide whether it's about aging or about the effects of war on the home front, and its modest scale is more appropriate for TV than the big screen."
1	Unfailingly modest and profoundly humane.
1	Aron Gaudet's film rages with quiet dignity against the dying of the light.
1	Bring your handkerchiefs.
1	"Watching them issue hugs produces an involuntary response. You want to hug them, too."
1	"It is straightforward work. Yet over time, it becomes clearly, steadfastly about the existential."
1	
1	
1	"Powerhouse performances by Liam Neeson and James Nesbit make this an intense, ultimately moving tale."
0	"The three parts never coalesce, even if they each have potential."
0	It is very good at stating the obvious but fails to bring new insight to this age-old morality tale.
0	Could benefit from a little less of the balanced historical context and a little more of the movie madness of Quentin Tarantino.
1	"Inspired by the sectarian murder of a Catholic dockworker in 1975, Five Minutes Of Heaven belongs, along with Nothing Personal and Breakfast On Pluto, to the rare class of movies that try to encompass both sides of the conflict."
0	"Early scenes set up the tragedy, but the majority of Oliver Hirschbiegel's movie is set in a TV studio where the two eventually face each other, and the tension, unfortunately, quickly becomes stagey."
0	A feature-length talkathon built on a sketchy premise and strong star turns from Liam Neeson and James Nesbitt.
1	"It's an original movie idea that feels written for the stage, all the more so since so much of our attention is diverted to admiring how the actors act, in roles with a high degree of technical??difficulty."
1	"Ultimately, Five Minutes of Heaven is stronger as a whole than its individual parts."
1	"So many movies set in Northern Ireland are about the Troubles that we might justifiably ask, why another? Five Minutes of Heaven is far from the best of the breed, but it does at least take a new tack."
1	"The movie might have been more tense had it been a little more quiet. Neeson and Nesbitt, however, are so good that narrative hiccups never threaten to lose us..."
1	Two marvelous performances from two Irish actors turn Oliver Hirschbiegel's Five Minutes of Heaven into a tour de force.
1	A director whose breakthrough was the story of a madman's last stand has exceeded that feat with the story of an angry man's next step.
0	
1	
0	A remake of a Danish film has much to admire but never comes together with the impact of the original.
0	Plays like a more polished but less effective twin to the 2005 Danish original.
1	"Sheridan pulls you so deep into Brothers so fast that there isn't time for the alarm bell to go off that says: ""Warning! Another Traumatized-Vet Movie!"" You never catch Sheridan or Benioff grandstanding, only observing."
0	Brothers is a collection of strong moments that don't add up to anything. The movie is all build-up.
0	"The aspiration of Brothers is noble. But it can't preserve the intimacy of the original film, and the loosened characters slide into cliche."
0	"Brothers isn't badly acted, but as directed by the increasingly impersonal Jim Sheridan, it's lumbering and heavy-handed, a film that piles on overwrought dramatic twists until it begins to creak under the weight of its presumed significance."
1	"As predicable and cloying as Brothers sometimes is, the cast is fascinating, young actors now possessing the dramatic heft to pull something like this off."
0	[Sheridan] aims for Greek tragedy but ends up with a PTSD melodrama.
1	"Brothers is a powerful statement on loyalty, love and the cost of war."
1	"This is a powerful, disturbing film that explores common cinematic territory -- the ability of war to destroy the individual -- without seeming cliched or familiar."
1	"Brothers has all the right ingredients -- it's made with care, and it works very well. But it rarely finds the raw intensity that the Danish original did; adding a little polish, in this case, took away a bit of the grit."
1	"Brothers is a heartbreaking film that speaks to the lifelong aftershocks of war, and to the powerful bonds of family and of love."
0	"Perhaps it's true that, as some analysts say, generals are always re-fighting the last war. But when did directors start doing it, too?"
0	"This is a corny tale, told with both generous helpings of deli-sliced cheese and a brief stretch of chilling tumultuousness."
0	"It's a combustible (though boilerplate) situation that Bier, once Dogme 95-certified, plays to the hilt. For his part, Sheridan treats it with a turgidness that shouldn't be mistaken for restraint."
0	"Bier's film succeeded on the merits of its actors, and this one offers fine performances by Portman and Gyllenhaal, but Maguire doesn't cut the mustard."
1	Sheridan shapes the drama so casually that he succeeds in making it feel naturalistically unshaped.
0	"As a melodrama, Brothers is passable entertainment. But the film squanders the opportunity to meaningfully portray the impact of war on American lives."
1	"It's easy to overlook a drama like Brothers, with its plain-spoken title and stern subject matter. Don't. The film is gripping---an honorable and beautifully acted addition to the tradition of homefront war stories."
1	"This becomes Tobey Maguire's film to dominate, and I've never seen these dark depths in him before. Actors possess a great gift to surprise us, if they find the right material in their hands."
0	Sheridan seems as conflicted as the Cahills about their virtues and failings.
0	"After watching this movie, I had what you might call Portman Traumautic Stress Disorder, a condition that leaves you twitchy, irritable, and in need of a well-acted light comedy."
0	"An almost-good movie weakened by its desire to have a major impact, as melodramatic material is heated to boiling over."
1	"Sheridan and Maguire orchestrate things perfectly here, running a line of tension through the film that explodes at the end, just as it should."
0	Brothers never fully earns the right to exploit Sam's crucible in Afghanistan and the angry anguish it brings about.
0	"Brothers itself -- a smart, well-meaning project -- never quite pulls itself together."
1	Natalie Portman deserves an Oscar nomination. Tobey Magure in the performance of his career. This is the best movie I've seen this year.
0	"Brothers -- an Americanized re-make of Danish director Susanne Bier's 2004 film ""Br  dre"" -- revolves around the Afghan War but also keeps its distance, a balancing act that winds up looking more wobbly than elegant."
1	"Sheridan is a consistently agile storyteller, drawing strong performances from even the youngest actors."
0	"Brothers tries to delve into how war can tear families apart, but only succeeds in showing how miscasting and melodrama obscure good intentions."
0	"It's almost as if Sheridan and screenwriter David Benioff were constructing a pile of old bones for a museum installation, with no live connective tissue required."
1	"In a role without any flamboyant touches, playing what is essentially just a decent, intelligent woman, Portman lends the film dignity, understanding and true radiance."
1	"Brothers shows us that even when our troops do come home, their war may be far from over."
1	"Is it a movie you'll enjoy? Not enjoy, so much as appreciate. Or maybe recognize."
0	"Brothers isn't nearly as unbearable as most of the anti-war pictures of the last five years, but when it comes to members of the armed services, screenwriters continue to lose their ability to think in more than one dimension."
0	A depressing tale of contrived melodrama that fails to make any point at all.
0	"When Carey Mulligan (the breakout star of An Education) pops up in a cameo, you realize how rich the film would be with her in the lead."
0	"Brothers, the new home-from-the-war film, written by David Benioff and directed by Jim Sheridan, has been made with obvious devotion and sincerity, and I wish I could take it seriously."
0	A soap opera ensues with more cliches than one movie can survive.
0	"In this plodding the war-at-home drama, a lip gloss-wearing Portman is miscast as a suburban mom. And though Maguire and Gyllenhaal succeed as brothers, Maguire works too hard -- and Gyllenhaal is tragically underutilized."
0	It takes two-thirds of the film for any scene of real emotional truth or power to emerge - and by then we're lost.
0	Brothers is a movie of moments (some of which are fine indeed) that never quite coalesce into a credible or satisfying whole.
0	Like mainstream Hollywood with a weird dollop of painful arthouse drama.
0	The film feels like a spirit-sapping tour of duty: lightweight stars doing Big Emotions.
0	"While Brothers is raw in its realism and loud in its chest-beating, it's still mechanically cold to watch."
1	"The result, wavering between intensity and bombast, is part Eugene O'Neill, part topical TV movie."
1	"Maguire and Gyllenhaal give honest performances, though they don't really convince as blood. Carey Mulligan, our own current darling, makes a brief but telling appearance as a war widow."
1	"As rowdy, democratic and open-ended as a Robert Altman saga, Brothers breathes life into the cliches surrounding traumatised vets."
0	
1	"Although Brothers is not a first-rate film, it informs us about the after-effects of war and is worth seeing while we wait for better ones to come along."
0	"The early scenes promise a potentially novel cross between heist and extreme horror, but those hopes are quickly dashed."
0	Critiquing the filmic technique of this blatant horror franchise-bait is akin to quibbling with the shade of lipstick on a slaughtered pig.
0	"The editing and camera work are self-consciously stylish, as if to say ""We're better than this."" But the human and moral components are shortchanged."
1	A surprisingly stylish and confident high-concept thriller.
0	"The Collector grafts a torture porn payoff onto a heist thriller setup with messy, illogical results."
0	One of the more doltish entries in the torture subgenre.
0	"One trap leaves a woman impaled on a movie screen, producing an image that succinctly if literally sums up a genre's cynicism."
0	"A sub-Saw knockoff that manages to be brutal yet monotonous, not to mention monstrously unpleasant."
0	This is the sort of cheap bilking that separates completists from masochists; the brief suffering onscreen is nothing compared with the agony scary-movie buffs will feel after being so thoroughly cheated.
0	Watching The Collector becomes an experience not so much of dread as big virtual ouches.
0	"If you didn't already know The Collector was written by two Saw franchise hacks, and directed by one of them, it would soon become as obvious as a fish hook to the face."
0	"This is a crass, silly and baffling slice of torture porn -- with the audience being tortured, chiefly with boredom."
1	"It's a truly creepy concept which, inevitably, leaves room for a sequel."
0	Relentlessly bloody and just as relentlessly idiotic deathtrap thriller for the Saw crowd.
0	"Kinda aimless, pleasant and bland."
0	
1	"Subsumed in Canada's vast landscape, Ben finds ephemeral distraction and occasional edification, but not much in the way of great epiphanies."
1	"Since villains so often steal the show in animation, Despicable Me smartly turns the whole operation over to megalomaniacal rogue Gru."
1	A fun 3D cartoon about a supervillain who goes up against three young orphans.
1	"Lo, another 3-D animated kid movie demonstrates that cartoon storytelling pitched to young people is the last, best refuge of sprightly filmmaking this hard, hot summer."
1	"The result is pleasant and diverting, if ultimately forgettable, and it's one of the rare instances in the recent history of 3-D's resurrection as The Savior of Cinema in which the technology doesn't dim the screen or distract the focus."
1	You don't need to know more except that directors Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud are expert are springing surprises from the ingenious script by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio.
1	"Neither as rich in story nor stunning in animation as Pixar offerings, Despicable Me instead settles for simply being goofy good fun, and it hardly seems like settling at all."
1	"Kids will dig it, adults will smile with amusement, and no one will be any different afterward than they were walking into the theater."
1	"Despicable Me is a 3D cartoon comedy of whiplash-quick laughs, funny punch lines and a wickedly gimmicky appreciation for 3D."
1	"The setup is pure Looney Tunes, and indeed, Despicable Me is at its best when trading in the anything-for-a-laugh prankery that was a specialty of the Termite Terrace crowd."
0	"When compared with the ambition and achievement of recent animated films, such as Coraline and Toy Story 3, Despicable Me hardly seems to have been worth making, and it's barely worth watching."
1	It looks so stylish that thinking about its plot is strictly optional.
0	The film throws so much ersatz cleverness and overdone emotion at the audience that we end up more worn out than entertained.
1	What may be the summer's wittiest kids' flick.
1	Despicable Me appeals both to our innocence and our glee over cartoon anarchy.
1	A whip-smart family movie that makes inventive use of the summer's ubiquitous 3-D technology is something worth cheering.
1	"Short, sweet-and-sour, and amusing rather than funny, Despicable Me can't help but be likable."
1	"Despicable Me is a joyously creative, refreshing piece of work, right up until it falls into a hackneyed hole."
1	Despicable Me has enough visual novelty and high spirits to keep the kiddies diverted and just enough wit to placate the parents.
1	"Like the best kids' entertainment, this creates a daffy little world all its own."
1	"By taking the ""heart"" part just seriously enough, and in the nick of time, the movie saves itself from itself."
1	"The film is funny, energetic, teeth-gnashingly venomous and animated with an eye to exploiting the 3-D process with such sure-fire techniques as a visit to an amusement park."
1	"Despicable Me is darned cute. I know cute isn't to the lofty level of ""message storytelling"" but it can be entertaining to watch when done correctly."
1	This animated thing pretty near out-Pixars Pixar.
1	The result is a sweet and witty bit of animated fun with both eye-popping 3-D effects and a warm heart.
1	"There's a fine line between gleeful anarchy and wasted energy, and Despicable Me has a wonderful knack for staking out its spot and staying on the right side."
0	"So much is going on in this movie that, while there's nothing worth despising, there's not much to remember either."
1	"Welcome to the on-screen psychoanalysis of Joan Rivers, of which she seems equal parts willing participant and antagonist."
1	"The movie finishes strong, managing to be sweet without being saccharine. It's no Toy Story 3, but Despicable Me is a solid alternative."
1	"It's all thoroughly adorable, and with an overlay that's nearly as odd as Carell's accent: Despicable Me looks a lot like other computer-animated pictures..."
1	"An improbably heartwarming, not to mention visually delightful, diversion."
1	"Despicable Me may not be the most sophisticated kids movie ever, but it stacks up against recent animated fare like How To Train Your Dragon the way The New York Review of Books compares to USA Today."
1	This is a smartly written comedy with a soft emotional core.
1	This is an agreeable confection with a few soft spots.
1	"Right now, any excuse for air conditioning will do. So it's a happy bonus to find that Despicable Me is more than just a heat-busting baby-sitter."
0	"Unfortunately Despicable Me is just, predictably -- eh. And the one thing the larcenous Gru never steals is our heart."
1	"This dark family comedy with its steal-the-moon premise is hilariously over-the-top, yet understandable from a child's perspective."
1	It's an engaging movie that feels to be aiming for -- and happily gestures towards -- the bright inventiveness of the Pixar studios.
1	One of the year's most likeable family entertainments.
1	"When an actor has just hit a career low -- as I think Steve Carell did in the desperate Dinner for Schmucks -- it's a relief to see them bounce back with a performance that clicks, in a hit film that really needs their services."
1	"It is a perfectly agreeable family entertainment, but not exactly original and nowhere near Pixar's great creations."
1	"There are enough dashes of originality and narrative surprises to keep adults entertained, at least."
0	"Another Pixar-wannabe rolls off the production line, reminding us why we should accept no substitutes."
1	moody transposition of a classic psychological thriller/ghost story to the unlikely but effective setting of a London council estate.
0	"The Disappeared makes you jump once or twice, but it's a dubiously overcooked horror-thriller."
0	"Johnny Kervorkian sets up the film nicely, but by the end, your worst fears are realised when it climaxes in the most anodyne way possible."
1	The film is let down by inauthentic dialogue and plotting that unravels rather embarrassingly in the final reel. But the tension is well sustained and Treadaway's performance is full of pallid intensity.
1	"This feature is a little rough around the edges, but Kevorkian has mobilised a top-notch cast and his story delivers more than a few shivers."
1	"Script's veneer of invention doesn't always lift characters or situations above cringe-making cliche. But well-cast thesps imbue pic's social experiment with a fair quotient of believability, no matter how extreme the situations."
1	"Regardless of whether the film is all fiction or all true or a mix, it has a ring of truth about it strong enough to sustain a defy-all-odds finish."
0	"While the film has strong moments and performances, it illustrates the dangers of overly personal filmmaking."
0	"Overall, the pacing feels languid to the point of meandering, relying too heavily on old soul records (and a final eight-track sing-along) for momentum and energy."
0	"[It] has more fantastically blunt, clunky, and downright laughable teen-sex dialogue per minute than anything this side of Larry Clark."
0	"Much of the allegorical force Harel and Sarmiento's film has built up is undone by its utterly conventional, lameass-switcheroo ending, which may be an indication that more than enough virtual ink has been spilled on this subject."
0	"Written by a weirdo named Trent Haaga for no other purpose than to outrage, Deadgirl is part S&M porno, part supernatural chiller, and worthy only if you're interested in how far movies can go before the police arrive."
0	"Despite the involvement of a producer from the BBC's Natural History Unit and the late Paul Newman on voiceover duty, 'The Meerkats' is just another run-of-the-mill wildlife foray."
1	The beauty and intimacy of the material they so painstakingly captured ultimately overrides the mawkish score and sentimental narration.
1	"""Even the wind has dust in its eyes,"" remarks Newman, at an especially weepy bit. Others may have trouble keeping them open."
1	"The narrative lags some way behind the beautiful nature photography and the comical majesty of the meerkat on guard, poking his head above a hidey-hole like a periscope over a parapet. These pictures don't really need any words."
1	"A tight script, smart casting and sharp direction prevail over modest production values in Run Robot Run!, a sci-fi spoof of corporate culture."
1	Run Robot Run! should reassure viewers that they need not fear the new mechanical beings who will soon be part of their lives. They're better off watching out for the co-workers they have right now.
1	"Gimmicks and hyperbole aren't necessary, so long as there's O'Day's beaming face to look at -- radiant when young, radiant and wrinkled when old -- and the sound of that sloe-gin voice to savor."
1	Force of personality and terrific vintage performance clips make a keeper of Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer.
1	An engaging if less than revelatory documentary.
1	"The directors prefer to secure O'Day's due as, in the words of critic Will Friedwald, the only white jazz singer who belongs in the company of Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday."
1	"A high point shows O'Day, in a black-and-white hat and form-fitting dress, singing ""Sweet Georgia Brown"" at the Newport Jazz Festival. That scene alone confirms O'Day's place among the greats."
1	The portrait of Anita O'Day that emerges in this documentary is of a woman who always lived by her own rules.
1	"Alive with improvisational energy and rejecting the conventional biographical format, the film pursues ideas and feelings rather than chronology as it scats through an archival wealth of interviews with O'Day and some of her most inspired performances."
1	"A gentle, swinging film that pieces together her extraordinary life story from vintage performance clips and various interviews done over the years."
1	"Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer chooses from all the existing materials, and is invaluable."
1	"Robbie Cavalina and Ian McCrudden's loving tribute to the great singer orchestrates archival footage, late-in-life interviews and some spectacular music into one of the better bio-pics of recent years."
1	A close-up look at the strange alchemy that is jazz singing -- singing at its most sublime.
1	The incomparable songbird is finally given her due in one of the greatest music documentaries I've ever seen.
1	
1	
1	"Put into extremely limited release by Paramount Vantage after spending years in studio lockdown, Carriers has moments of genuinely communicable horror and thus deserves better than a de facto theatrical quarantine."
0	"This thoughtful, low-key exploration of our darker survival instincts is too conventional and unfocused to fully engage our emotions."
0	"Plays like Zombieland's humourless twin: with none of the gags and, unfortunately, not many of its genuine moments of tension."
0	"Sadly it loses track of its own best ideas, pledging itself to a dreary set of surviving characters whose choices carry no charge."
0	In lacking both subtley and specatcle... Carriers timidly takes its place in the realms of forgettable science-fiction fodder.
0	The movie has as much depth as the single piece of paper on which the script was obviously written.
0	A queasy mixture of survivalist machismo and mawkish piety.
1	A quietly majestic survey of the hard-won successes and instructive failures of the American environmental movement.
1	There's great archival footage (those anti-pollution PSAs with Iron Eyes Cody from the '70s remain quite powerful).
1	A rapturous and enlightening look at the history of the environmental movement in America.
0	Earth Days has a lot to say about the minor victories of the past. It's too bad that the film ends at the dawn of the 1980s -- all but ignoring the most important chapter of this ongoing saga.
1	"Once [director] Stone drops the generalities and starts getting specific, Earth Days improves considerably."
1	A rich trove of news clips and interviews inform Robert Stone's fast-moving documentary about the movement to save the planet and the cultural forces that helped it along or held it back.
0	"Crusty eco-hippies spin random anecdotes about olden times in Earth Days, a turgid documentary on the environmental movement in the 1960s and '70s."
1	"At once regretful and optimistic, frustrated and proud. Mr. Stone has shown us the way; now all we need is the will."
1	
1	"These people, including Whole Earth catalog editor Stewart Brand and 87-year-old former Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall, are smart and interesting folks who are worth listening to."
1	A surprisingly engaging ecodocumentary about the history of the American environmental movement from the Depression era up to the present.
1	"Earth Days captures those years when through sheer relentlessness, activists broke through to the public and put the mounting disaster at its doorstep."
1	"Yes, the future still looks grim and whales are hunted here as they are in all such films, but Stone spends most of his time tracking something positive -- the birth of the environmental movement in the '60s and '70s."
0	"Honoring the heroes of the environmental movement is clearly appropriate, but getting mired in nostalgia is a dirty shame."
1	"If you're feeling nostalgic for a time when the environmental movement was something everyone embraced, Robert Stone's Earth Days is bound to comfort -- and alarm."
1	"A culture-clash dramedy whose background in Middle-East conflict is leavened with vibrant energy, balanced politics and droll humor by first-time feature director Cherien Dabis."
1	"A portrait of our times painted from an immigrant's mirror, Amreeka should be seen by every American."
1	The thriving subgenre of immigrant displacement dramedy gets a confident new spin from Cherien Dabis.
0	"As it stands, the movie just serves up another warmed-over Ellis Island rehash."
1	"The good humor, generosity, and love Dabis bestows on her characters in this assured first feature are uniquely hers -- the mark of a talent to watch"
1	"Most important, Mr. Dabis knows that home -- what a fraught place! -- is, in equal measures, where the hurt is and where the heart is."
1	"This piquant film brings a keen and serious eye as well as that feeling for affectionate human comedy to this fraught situation, smartly avoiding both stridency and sentimentality in the process -- it's an elegant balancing act."
1	"This slice of American life, as seen through the eyes of Palestinian immigrants, is nuanced, engaging and authentically observed."
1	Stands as one of the most accomplished recent films about a non-European immigrant coming to the United States.
0	"It's one of those movies that plays to the cheap seats, making the racism bigger, the assimilation process rougher, and the family squabbles extra-broad, lest viewers miss the point."
0	"Writer-director Cherien Dabis paints a gentle, often wry picture of human resilience, and Faour and Muallen give solid performances, but there are a few too many by-the-numbers moments."
1	
1	"Does it occur to xenophobic Americans that almost all immigrants, like their own ancestors, came here because they admire the United States? Someone please explain that to Lou Dobbs."
1	"This could be rough going, but Cherien Dabis' Amreeka tells this immigrants' tale with some humor and only a dash of political correctness."
1	"For the most part, Dabis and her actors charm their way through this material, finding absurdist humor even in the darkest moments."
1	"Although the drama heads on a predictable course, Faour brings intelligence and humor to her performance and Muallem, as the smart adolescent turned surly and scared, is likewise sharp."
1	This sensitively made movie is more than dim Americans making terrorist jokes. It's one of the richer movies you're likely to see about average Arabs in America.
1	"You keep rooting for these characters, even as the plot takes a series of broad and overly familiar turns."
1	"The immigrant experience gets a fresh, post- 9/11 Palestinian spin in Amreeka, a film that has all the familiar ingredients but is such a well-acted, winning re-combination of those that we see them with fresh eyes."
1	A good-hearted film about the resilience of the human spirit.
1	"Director Cherien Dabis' debut feature is a surprising, humorous, moving and very human story about a Palestinian family's emigration to Illinois on the eve of the Iraq war."
1	"A feel-good comedy about a Palestinian mother who moves to rural Illinois with her teenaged son, Amreeka is a kind of stealth political film that confronts issues of ethnic tension and American xenophobia."
1	"Amreeka makes its points with gentle humour and engaging performances -- especially Faour, who makes Muna so likeable it's impossible not to cross your fingers and hope her luck is about to change."
0	"Writer-director Cherien Dabis too easily resolves or dismisses the characters' problems, making way for an upbeat ending."
1	You'll end up baffled that a film built on such shaky foundations can end up being so impossibly sweet.
1	The political issues are a little heavy handed but the story - partly drawn from the director's own experience - works best when it focuses on the personal.
0	"In attempt to sustain momentum, the film begins to lurch from comic-book realism to join-the-dots melodrama."
1	"The film is more gentle than harsh, relying on a very fine performance from the charming Faour and settings in Palestine and Illinois that seem very real."
1	"Not a subtle film, but an attractive, affecting one."
1	Glenn McQuaid's microbudgeted debut is a jauntily gothic period spook story.
0	It's rather hard for anyone who has ever chanced upon a Poe anthology on cable and only lasted through one or two cheeky tales.
1	"The movie goes out on a high, but until then, it plays almost like the pilot for a TV series. But it would be a good TV series."
1	"Droll perfs, diverting f/x and handsome B-pic atmospherics ensure a good time for horror fans with a memory past last weekend's slasher remake."
1	"Genre fans will definitely get off on I Sell the Dead, but outsiders might be less enthusiastic."
1	"Low-budget, grubby and gleeful, but with a nice sense of style and apparently an endless supply of dry ice. Points deducted, though, for a too-easy alien-corpse joke."
1	"Movie fans of all kinds will appreciate a film that knows the differences among 'terror,' 'terrible' and 'terribly good fun.'"
1	"A fine pair of grave robbers, (director) Mr. McQuaid and (producer) Mr. Fessenden plunder freely from the movie crypt, unearthing other chomping, glowing mysteries and monstrosities."
1	"Its wit and style, however, are thoroughly modern, as is a hilarious ending that leaves the sequel door wide open. And why not?"
0	"The worst fault visually, probably intended as a charm against the spell of low-budget-itis, is relentless darkness. Pervasive shadows in most shots do not evoke atmosphere, but eye strain."
0	"If it's not actually a good movie, on some level you have to admire the chutzpah of a film set in 1850s Ireland but shot on Staten Island."
1	
1	Peter's lightning-fast script and Loncraine's steady direction steer this road picture to the sunny side of the street.
1	Pleasant and pro-made.
1	"A colorfully written, expertly directed and beautifully acted romp about the early life of actor George Hamilton that is guaranteed to make you feel warm all over."
0	Occasionally diverting but ultimately forgettable.
1	My One and Only has an old-fashioned sensibility making for a pleasantly diverting road movie.
0	"Director Richard Loncraine applies a period gloss to the proceedings, but adds little momentum; the film never gets on Zellweger's batty wavelength."
1	"The movie is filled with fun '50s Americana, and Lerman, it turns out, really does have the magnetism and star quality to anchor a movie, in a way the real George Hamilton might envy."
0	"Flouncing across the country like Miss Piggy, Renee Zellweger makes My One and Only a fabulous bore."
0	"Zellweger isn't dreadful -- in fact, she's more appealing than she's been in years -- but she's not quite good enough. Neither is the film."
1	"Just when you think nothing will break the summer heat, in blows a cool breeze."
1	"My One and Only is an affectionate picture, set in the early 1950s, that coasts breezily on its charm and style."
1	"Despite some cliched set-pieces, the unassuming My One and Only keeps its balance and momentum."
1	A good-natured screwball road film set in 1953.
0	
0	
1	Renee Zellweger plays to her strengths as an unsinkable Southern belle in the safe and breezy 1950s period piece My One and Only.
0	"This is a trifle too sweet to dip as dark as despair -- at worst, we know Anne will learn self-reliance."
1	"This isn't exactly untraveled territory, but director Richard Loncraine makes this potentially familiar story fresh..."
0	"It's refreshing, and let's hope it's [Zellweger's] passport out of rom-com purgatory and into mature roles. Sadly, it is a better career move than it is a movie."
1	"My One and Only isn't exactly memorable, but this little, personable movie is a fine showcase for Zellweger's talents and a paean to the sort of mid-1950s America best remembered in Norman Rockwell paintings."
0	"My One and Only aspires to a top-down breeziness, but at the end of the road it's as foolish and superficial as a suntan."
1	"Basing psychological speculation on a biopic is notoriously risky. All I can say is that after seeing My One and Only, Hamilton's persona somehow clicked into place for me."
1	"Part road trip, part coming-of-age story, the film ultimately reveals itself as a Hollywood memoir, but it saves any stardust for its last moments."
1	"If you have any curiosity at all about how a fellow like George Hamilton became a fellow like George Hamilton, My One and Only answers the question by looking, fondly, at his primary caregiver."
1	"A grand, colorful coming-of-age story with a candy box color palette and a standout performance by Renee Zellweger. It's a great story and a great crowd-pleaser."
0	
1	"The healing odyssey, directed by Michel Orion Scott, provides a powerful look at the complex condition of autism and family dedication."
1	The Horse Boy isn't trying to provide any definitive answers about autism. It's offering intriguing possibilities.
0	"A quest toward an inevitable inspirational destination, continuing the recent trend of using precious theater space as dumping grounds for a-cinematic PBS also-rans."
1	"It recounts a deeply personal, highly subjective and inarguably thought-provoking story of one family's quest for a certain kind of peace."
1	A lyrical and stirring meditation on the mystery of autism.
0	
1	The strength of the doc is that is does not propagandize with a heavy hand.
1	"An extraordinary journey of the heart and spirit, and a stirring testament to parenthood."
1	"The Horse Boy is a lovely, amazing, wonderfully provocative film."
1	"In the footage taken after the healing, we never see Rowan, except when he is happily playing with his new friends or smiling with his parents. Is that the whole story? You decide."
1	The film's particular story serves as a powerful reminder to all parents that a child's unique strengths and personality may suggest the best path toward healing.
1	The Horse Boy succeeds both as a provocative inquiry into the mysteries of autism and as a true-life adventure tale.
0	It's because the premise is so intriguing and the drama is so compelling that the result is so confounding.
1	Its lack of political nous and cinematic ambition makes it seem small on the big screen.
1	This is an appalling scenario for a film that unspools with the ghastly enthusiasm of a Hollywood thriller. But Sturgess's performance as the feckless hero is absolutely stunning.
0	"Nothing new is said but everything said is shouted, as if to convince us that yesterday's headlines are still today's hot news."
1	"Sturgess is superb as the double-dealer, nailing the Ulster accent and conveying the self-disgust behind McGartland's cocky front; Kingsley too gives good value in one of his less showy roles."
1	"It is Sturgess who dominates the film, though, showing us how an ordinary man can get involved in the messy, heartless business of informing, seemingly unaware of what might eventually transpire."
1	"It's a pretty fine film, thanks largely to the performances (and look) of its crackerjack cast, as well as Jonathan Freeman's restless, gritty cinematography and a lickety-split script."
1	"The movie, shot it Ireland, has a gritty, documentary feel and a sharp, dramatic pulse that never really falters."
0	"Proves how easy it is to shamelessly bilk audiences of their empathy with an ""inspired by true events"" credit."
0	Fifty Dead Men Walking provides another example of what happens when mediocre moviemaking meets an interesting life.
1	"What makes Fifty Dead Men work is the story's sheer moral complexity, which dares viewers to sympathize with anyone onscreen for more than a few minutes at a time."
1	"In this film, Skogland, as Kathryn Bigelow does in The Hurt Locker, demolishes the notion that women can't direct action."
0	God forbid anything even slightly suspenseful or significant should happen without revved-up '80s Irish rock blasting over the soundtrack.
1	"Skogland is a crisp and efficient storyteller. She keeps the players vivid and relatively honest, and never shies away from the brutalities."
1	"Sturgess is solid and Kingsley predictably sneaky, but the atmosphere -- scurries through the Catholic/Protestant border, tense stand-offs, spontaneous riots -- is what's genuinely gripping."
1	"A streamlined, adrenalized thriller that is not as deep as it would like to appear, treads a retrospective political tightrope."
1	Jim Sturgess makes a believable cocky lad who signs on for the con; an oddly bewigged Ben Kingsley is fussier and too actorly as his handler.
1	
1	"This risky, rewarding drama blends emotional naturalism with a formal style in the story of its three titular characters -- a young Jamaican-Canadian mother with sickle-cell anemia, an ex-boxer looking for a human connection and a 12-year-old boy."
1	Strong performances and striking cinematography help this first film by Toronto's Charles Officer move with more grace than its heavy-going storyline would have normally allowed.
1	
0	"Everyone quoted here, and perhaps Pray himself, wants to be seen as an artist. But in this economy, those of us who pay for ordinary stuff might not be so inclined to worship this particular art form."
1	"Like a good ad, Art & Copy bounds along and never bores. That's a big credit to Pray's savvy compilation and of editor Phillip Owens' crisp cuts."
0	It doesn't matter how much garrulous delusion the subjects spout. [Director] Pray buys it wholesale and propagates the myth that there's something to respect about getting inside people's heads and rewiring them into mass-consumptive lemmings.
1	"Art & Copy is mightily diverting, for those who don't mind being sold a slick bill of goods."
0	"When all is said and done, Art & Copy is little more than an ad for advertising."
1	"Occasionally Art & Copy becomes an advertisement for advertising -- some of the talking heads are a little self-congratulatory -- but it offers plenty of food for thought. And makes it taste good, too."
0	"It all sounds rather grandiose, but it's hardly a surprising view from folks accustomed to thinking big."
1	"The world may be going Mad Men, but Doug Pray's documentary Art & Copy presents a very different picture of the advertising industry."
1	An entertaining but also oddly naive documentary about American advertising.
1	"They are the giants of modern advertising, and they have some alluring tales to tell."
1	Art & Copy offers an intriguing -- some might say frightening -- glimpse into the world that has prompted a generation of Americans to religiously tune into the Super Bowl just to watch those short movies that sell product.
1	"Pray inserts facts that are eye-popping (the food industry spends $34 billion annually on ads) and alarming (every year, the average child sees 20,000 TV commercials)."
0	"A seriocomic crimer by Tsui Hark, Ringo Lam and Johnnie To that's a diverting, sometimes head-scratching experiment that will mostly chime with Asian movie buffs rather than satisfy general auds as a single, homogenous pic."
0	The cinematic equivalent of an inedible mess where ingredients war with one another and no one has paid any attention to the poor fellow who must consume the meal.
0	The film is made confusing not only by the twisting plot but by the varied styles of the three cult directors.
0	"Three of Hong Kong cinema's top names take turns to direct this batty heist-gone-wrong thriller, which proceeds from stylish-but-incomprehensible (Tsui Hark) through crunchy and violent (Ringo Lam) to just barking (Johnnie To)."
0	"The filmic equivalent of pass-the-parcel on Triangle, a convoluted crime caper about a mysterious gold coin and the luckless bozos on its trail."
0	"The results are messy, incoherent and ultimately three times as tedious."
0	"Little of it however, is genuinely striking enough to suggest a welcome reception beyond the already converted."
1	A convoluted crime caper with strong ethical underpinnings to support its many moods and styles.
0	"A clever idea that could have worked as a novella, the urban-fantasy-cum-sci-fier Franklyn doesn't cut it by the bigscreen rulebook."
1	'Franklyn' has conceptual boldness and visual imagination that set it apart from the pack.
1	It's a convoluted piece of storytelling that repays more on a visual level than on a logical one. But you can't fault its ambition and imagination.
0	"He is aiming high. And yet, to use a recondite and specialist critical term, this film is massively up itself."
1	"The spiralling plot lines slowly weave together with real dexterity, resulting in a payoff that's as unexpected as it is satisfying. A cracking sci-fi brainteaser."
1	"It takes a quarter of the movie's duration to start detecting its drift, another quarter to start caring. The fantastications have a stronger wallop than the realism."
0	"Allow that director Gerald McMorrow's feature debut shows ambition in fusing psychodrama, fantasy and metropolitan romance. Sadly, coherence and comprehensibility have been left for dead."
0	"McMorrow is clearly an intriguing and talented British director but Franklyn is almost impossible to follow, thus wasting the talents of the good cast trying their best to make sense of it."
1	"Franklyn is wonky and self-defeating: there are lots of gauche moments. Still, it's entertaining, and commendable for its strangeness."
1	"As action-packed as his film is, Winans is in no hurry to tell his tale. His pace is deliberate."
1	"There's a rapacious DIY showmanship at work here reminiscent of the calling-card chutzpah Robert Rodriguez and Peter Jackson showed in scrappier, pre-blockbuster days."
1	"The cutting is hyperkinetic, yet Lee is always in synch with the cast's phenomenal energy. He's in their thrall -- and so are we."
1	"Passing Strange conjures a rare kind of theatrical magic with its emotionally raw, frequently euphoric portrait of the artist as a young man."
1	"Like Lee, the artist formerly known as Mark Stewart possesses a powerful and singular voice, one he uses to express vividly his own unique experience of growing up as a black man in America."
1	"I can't single out a performance. This is a superb ensemble, conveying that joy actors feel when hey know they're good in good material."
1	You'll probably have to resist the urge to stand up and cheer with the onscreen audience during the emotional curtain call.
1	"Spike Lee's Passing Strange: The Movie is basically canned musical theater, but this is one Tony-winning Broadway show that's well worth preserving and seeing."
1	"The invigorating result, zestily edited by Lee's own inside iron man, Barry Brown, is in every way a knockout."
1	"Moving, thrilling and new."
1	"Lee doesn't reinvent the wheel when it comes to filming live theater, but he moves the camera artfully and edits with an energy that matches the music. And he makes good use of close-ups, capturing the sweaty faces of a troupe of remarkable performers."
1	
0	"What is disturbing is not Harris's self-absorbed insistence that his own emotional hobbling somehow reflects an overarching social-technological pattern, but, instead, Timoner's uncritical cinematic collusion."
1	"Using archival material and footage Timoner herself shot over the previous ten years, We Live in Public would be fascinating by virtue of its subject alone."
1	"On that count, Timoner is correct: Harris is unduly obscure. But was what he accomplished really all that great?"
0	"There must be a reason why, after all these year, Timoner chose to make a movie about Harris. If you figure it out, please let me know."
1	A snapshot of several New York eras that coincide with the Internet's growing pains.
1	We Live in Public looks at one man's experiments with issues of privacy.
1	"Like Timoner's DIG!, this astounding new docu burrows into the thin and darkly funny spaces between artistry and vanity, isolation and community, collaboration and exploitation, sanity and madness."
0	"If anything, the film is a reflection of the Web zeitgeist, where observation comes easily but insight is rare. What saves the documentary from becoming a complete frustration is the sheer, stunning prescience of Harris."
1	"Midway through We Live in Public, one Quiet participant delivers the hard social lesson of cyberspace: ""The more you get to know everyone, the more alone you become."""
1	"Harris, who appears throughout in interview footage, is an interesting mix -- someone with a serious inability to connect with other people and yet at the same time someone with a consistent ability to see the future."
1	This is a remarkable film about a strange and prophetic man. What does it tell us? Did living a virtual life destroy him?
1	We Live in Public is the kind of nonfiction film that seems to have been conceived to prove that truth is stranger than almost any fiction...
1	The big question is whether we're now living in a more pragmatic time.
0	"Mercifully, Harris has now run out of money, but I fear we haven't heard the last of him."
1	"[Timoner's] film - cobbled together over 15 years - has grown so beguiled by its wonky, disquieting hero that it has lost its distance and mislaid all scepticism."
1	"What Timoner has done for sure is assemble another documentary of monumental scope. She has a priceless knack for being in the right place at the right time, allied to a filmmaker's instinct for narrative, and a journalistic tenacity."
1	"Another bizarre, bewitching tale from those that make up life in, on and around the worldwide web."
0	"Josh Harris focuses the lens on himself. You probably have never heard of him. And when the film is over, you may wish you still hadn't."
1	Disturbing yet fascinating...
0	"Throughout, first-time director DeMonaco shows a predilection for white-hot patches of lighting, squeezed close-ups, and actor overindulgence."
0	DeMonaco deserves credit for wanting to do something different. But what starts out as a witty tweak on tired mobster movies eventually collapses into those very same clichs.
0	The tonal idiosyncrasies may grate early on but things coalesce nicely until the whole thing starts to resemble a diverting short story.
1	"If Staten Island, New York is an ode to what it calls ""the forgotten stepchild of Manhattan,"" it is a barbed and quirky one."
0	"Best is D'Onofrio as a gangster turned environmental activist -- he puts on a white three-piece suit, climbs to the top of a gigantic tree and refuses to come down."
0	
1	Kick-Ass offers some genuinely clever observations about the creation of celebrity in a world where viral video clips and latenight talkshow quips can turn attention seekers into overnight sensations (and inadvertent role models).
1	"Kick-Ass succinctly deflates Spider-Man style solemnity: ""With no power comes no responsibility."" It is blissfully, outrageously funny."
0	"Mark Millar's source comic, which I haven't read, is very possibly a smart and subversive treat. But Vaughn's movie is hollow, glazed, and not quite there, like a teenager who has spent too much time in his bedroom."
1	"Vaughn directs with efficiency and a good sense of action while Johnson puts in an engaging turn that maintains sympathy and helps paper over some of the plot's more jerky, episodic aspects."
0	"Matthew Vaughn, former Guy Ritchie producer, co-wrote and directed, and on this evidence is all flash and no flair."
1	"Among the heavy hitters of the superhero genre, it may not be the biggest, but Kick-Ass is definitely the brightest, and it may just be the best."
1	"Great gunslinging cinema creates icons, and the newest and tiniest of them all is Hit Girl."
1	"Perhaps I shouldn't have enjoyed it as much as I did: but with more energy and satire and craziness in its lycra-gloved little finger than other films have everywhere else, Kick-Ass is all pleasure and no guilt."
1	"An extremely funny, extremely violent, gloriously foul-mouthed and decidedly adult comic-book adventure that offers the most refreshing reboot of the genre since 2008's Hancock."
1	"Kick-Ass is a compendium of all sleazy things, and it sings like a siren to our inner Tarantinos."
1	Kick-Ass earns its name in every way.
1	It will soon be a well-known part of the comic book movie pantheon.
1	"While not all of the elements fit together tonally, on the surface level -- the level that the title suggests -- Kick-Ass does exactly what it's supposed to, as long as you're game for the language and the gutting."
1	"Is it a problem that Kick-Ass is by far the most violent movie ever to feature kids as heroes? Parents should consider themselves warned, though personally, I just wish that the film had ended up a bit less of an over-the-top action ride."
1	"Despite the violence and the swearing, Kick-Ass has something you don't usually see in superhero films: charm."
0	"Never as shocking as it thinks it is, as funny as it should be, or as engaged in cultural critique as it could be."
1	Director Matthew Vaughn has made an action comedy so bloody funny -- double emphasis on bloody -- fans might need to see it again just to catch the gags they missed from laughing so hard the first time.
0	"Crude, bloody and moody, Kick-Ass embraces, at arm's length, its fanboy origins. But maybe they should have decided if they loved these stereotypes, or wanted to ridicule them to death before rolling the camera."
1	"It brings together several popular strains of contemporary moviemaking and combines them into one big, shameless, audacious, compulsively watchable, irresistibly likable piece of pure entertainment."
1	"Peppering an action flick with comedy is hardly original, but the mocking tone and off-kilter vibe set this film apart. It even has a hearty dose of charm, thanks mostly to the most outrageous performance by a child in recent memory."
1	"It soars, jet-propelled, on its central idea of matching a superhero's exploits with the grinding reality of urban teen life and on the aerodynamic smoothness of the film's style."
1	"Vaughn cheerfully mines the queasiness of ... contradiction for satire, but the movie takes the reality of its characters seriously. When good guys die, their loss actually stings."
1	"Kick-Ass stands as an intriguing fantasy of social networking. To achieve superhero status, you simply put up your own Web site, announce it on MySpace and Facebook and you're on your mythic way."
1	"It's as if all the arguments about these hyper-violent films -- why they are so popular, what they have done to our culture -- are open for business in one convenient location."
0	"A bizarre and ultimately self-sabotaging movie that defies categorization, Kick-Ass is at times cheap and cynical, while in other moments is ingenious and strangely noble."
1	"Kick-Ass has punk energy, ace action moves, and a winning sense of absurdist fun."
0	"At some point it becomes exactly the big, boneheaded movie it was making fun of in the first place."
0	"A film about wannabes who use attitude and bluster to emulate their inspirations, this ersatz blockbuster ends up seeming a little too much like its heroes."
1	"It's a star-making role for Moretz, but everyone holds their own even in the face of their biggest enemy: lax pacing that makes this fun film drag and lurch."
0	This is the ultimate fanboy product.
0	"""Kick-Ass"" isn't just broken by its flaws ... It's flawed to start with, a hypocritical mess whose attempts to swagger turn into clumsy stumbling and whose knowing wink blinds it to its own problems."
1	"Funny, unexpectedly violent romp lets a regular kid play superhero for a while."
0	"What do these characters consider worthy of killing and dying for? That a protagonist lacks superpowers is no reason for him to lack motivation, conviction, or purpose."
1	This is the most brazenly funny bloodbath unleashed on the public since Pulp Fiction.
1	A particularly timely story about civic-mindedness and the pursuit of fame.
0	I started hating this movie around the midpoint.
0	"Let's say you're a big fan of the original comic book, and you think the movie does it justice. You know what? You inhabit a world I am so very not interested in."
1	Kick-Ass is some kind of twisted fun.
1	"Everything you've likely heard about Kick-Ass is true, providing you've heard it's profane, outlandish, ultra-violent, shocking, funny and wildly entertaining."
1	"Nicolas Cage is a hoot, a hollar and a fright as Damon Mac ready, a.k.a. Big Daddy. How can he be otherwise? He's a good cop gone mad."
1	"The film has the courage of its genre convictions. It doesn't have even a whiff of market testing. It does everything on its own terms, and in this age of McMansion movies, that's a super accomplishment."
1	"Fast, periodically spit-funny and often grotesquely violent, the film at once embraces and satirizes contemporary action-film cliches with Tarantino-esque self-regard -- it's the latest in giggles-and-guts entertainment."
1	"Suggested subtitle: Iron Man, You Just Got Served."
1	Prepare for amazement: This thing makes Nicolas Cage cool again.
1	A mosh pit of a comic-book movie that dares you to dive into its anarchy.
1	"The film is post-modern surgery into the superhero myth, driving a scalpel into the warped logic of misanthropic killers who masquerade as civic do-gooders."
0	"[It] thinks it's so brave and bold. But it's more like the title character, a dweeb who just thinks he's tough."
0	"If you're going to play this game, you have to keep doubling down. Kick-Ass can't. The fights never grow in complexity; halfway through, the director has nothing to add."
1	"Kick-Ass is ultra-funny, ultra-silly and ultra-geeky, but what Kick-Ass mostly is, is monumentally cool - this is the film the kids will be swearing about."
0	"I know it's all supposed to be tongue in cheek and lots of fun, but frankly this turned my stomach."
0	"When filmmakers nudge a child into viewing savagery as slapstick, are we not allowing them to do what we condemn in the pornographer -- that is, to coarsen and inflame?"
0	I found it mighty painful sitting through all the bone crushing and blood-letting.
1	"Most of the lessons in Kick-Ass are juvenile, but Lordy are they stylishly told."
1	Steinman's high concept is unwieldy and overly ambitious and occasionally skirts reality TV territory -- one of the women even jokes about being voted off the island -- but the shots of the children beaming in the company of these mothers are glorious.
1	"As with all of Mann's films, his enthusiasm is infectious. He comes to praise mushrooms, not to bury them, and long may his frying pan sizzle."
1	"Like Calvin Trillin in print, or Errol Morris on screen, [director Ron] Mann has the knack of generating fascination where none seemed to exist, of carving intrigue from an apparently non-intriguing topic -- okay, a measure of intrigue anyway."
1	A playfully informative look at various types of fleshy fungi and the folks who avidly consume them.
1	Another delightful exploration of well-chosen subject matter that's more richly fascinating than you might first expect.
1	"A starkly lyrical portrait of angry, disaffected teens in the racially tense wake of the actual 1996 St. Petersburg, Florida, riots."
1	"The low-budget, low- tech indie Loren Cass is an example of less being best."
1	"This sharp, gutsy indie is one of the year's great discoveries."
0	"It's tedious, dispiriting stuff."
1	
0	"Wan, trite and increasingly silly."
1	"A cockeyed tale about a Japanese nebbish in suburban America, White on Rice will wring some laughs out of anyone but the most humor-impaired."
0	Watanabe's performance sucks any remaining sweetness right out of this fish-out-of-water comedy; you're ready to call the police once he starts stalking his hot cousin.
0	Bland and only occasionally funny.
1	Popularity of the two stars could make the film an arthouse hit; they're a joy to watch.
0	"Behind all the role playing is a movie that feels uncertain in its tone and style, more exercise than drama."
0	"It does feel very stage bound, very formal."
0	It's overly faithful to the original and to Van Gogh's preferred three-camera setup.
1	"It's the kind of two-hander that relies solely on the chemistry of the actors, both of whom banter, parry and bum rush their way through various left turns with grace. Their pas de deux almost makes up for this threadbare tragedy's no-win endgame. Almost."
0	"Since neither character is ever explained or examined with any real insight, the viewer ceases to care early on. The overriding effect is paralyzing tedium."
1	It's about watching two always-fine actors do a lot with very little.
0	"The film never lifts itself above its origin as a well-meaning, underdeveloped exercise."
0	"A remake of a film by murdered Dutch director Theo van Gogh, it fails to captivate despite -- or perhaps because of -- the frantic acting efforts of Tucci and the normally reliable Patricia Clarkson."
0	"Ultimately, the joke goes on too long -- for the couple and for us -- and the film fades away before the final fade-out."
1	"The movie has a hushed, sensual intensity and formal elegance that leaves no doubt Ford knows what he's doing behind the camera."
1	"For a gentle man who's lost his love, solitude has become a life sentence that simply must end. Firth makes that ache subtly, splendidly visible."
0	"No more than 10 minutes in, the movie already has the feel of an exquisitely preserved corpse laid out for viewing."
0	"As a movie, it has all the life of a boxed pink taffeta sample at Bergdorf that never leaves the stockroom."
1	"Ford is a true visionary, but it's his humanity that gives the love story a ravishing, bruised grandeur."
1	"Colin Firth is devastating as a gay prof contemplating suicide, though fashionista Tom Ford's movie suffers when the first-time director gets swept away in the art direction."
1	"This is the first movie directed by Tom Ford, the former fashion designer, and he proves a born filmmaker with a rapturous eye."
1	A Single Man -- the striking directorial debut from fashion designer Tom Ford -- is so unusually beautiful it would be easy to dismiss it as superficial.
1	"A Single Man proves a film can look and feel like a 99-minute perfume commercial and still register as a poignant meditation on grief, memory, and loss."
1	"Though the deliberate pace can feel slow to glacial at times, the visuals are gorgeous, and the melancholy mood is exquisitely evoked."
0	"A Single Man, un film de Tom Ford, is all art and no direction -- it's a picture made up of visual choices with almost no filmmaking sandwiched between."
0	"While it's impossible to deny the artistic intent of Ford's cinematic compositions, his style erects an emotional barrier between the central character and the audience, resulting in a pace that is at times sluggish."
1	"It's not a particular political bent that makes you fall for George. It's Firth. This is an unaffected, sincere and very subtle performance, the best of his career..."
1	"Like the speck of sand that seeds a pearl, it's the tiny fleck of kitsch at the heart of A Single Man that makes it luminous and treasurable, despite its imperfections."
1	Designer Tom Ford makes a surprisingly successful leap from the fashion industry to the big screen with A Single Man.
1	"Colin Firth isn't the only reason to see A Single Man, but he's certainly the best."
1	"While A Single Man has its flaws, many of these fade in view of the performance and the power of Isherwood's story."
1	"Wrenching and ravishing. ... An exquisite, almost sensual grief suffuses every frame."
1	"Colin Firth finally leaves Mr. Darcy behind -- and will likely net an Oscar nomination -- with his deeply moving, career-redefining performance as a '60s gay man struggling with death and isolation in A Single Man."
1	Several diverse currents come together in A Single Man to form a good movie and a great opportunity for actor Colin Firth.
1	"A Single Man is more than a pretty movie. It's also a careful examination of love, loss and mourning."
1	"We're always looking for those performances that truly define an actor, where we can sit back and simply watch the talent soar. For Colin Firth, A Single Man is that film."
1	This is a wonderful movie.
1	"Two characters trying and failing to drown their hopes and regrets, and two strong actors refusing to be tight-laced by a director's exercise in style: here is a mood piece looking for a fight."
1	It's a dirgelike odyssey sparked by Julianne Moore's overheated turn as George's best friend -- a welcome respite from Firth's clenched emoting.
1	Just about every sequence and flourish and detail in Ford's film feels and looks right. It is primarily Firth's triumph. But it is not a solitary one.
0	"Ford luxuriates in the details of his period setting, but the movie rarely gets below the surfaces he has worked so hard to construct."
1	"What's remarkable is how Firth, with the smallest of gesture or nuance, lets us see this man's heartbreak without ever letting it burst through his carefully controlled surface."
1	"As Ford's first film, this story, based on a novel by Christopher Isherwood, must have had special meaning."
1	"Firth plays a drowning man who can't yell for help, and it's an awful thing to see."
1	"How fitting that Firth should carry A Single Man, a movie of quiet but potent emotional power, perfectly suited to his singular gifts."
1	"Despite its downbeat theme, A Single Man is ultimately optimistic about the human capability to gradually make peace with seemingly insurmountable pain and tragedy."
0	Ford doesn't know when to quit: A Single Man is too beautiful by half...
1	One of the year's more satisfying films.
1	"In this beautifully tailored drama, content and style have as vital a relationship as George and Jim did. The one would be lost without the other."
1	"His first time out, Ford has made one of the best films of the year."
1	"Ford's eye for period detail is exact; brief cutaways, incisive dialogue, and charged glances telegraph the cold-war paranoia and sexual alienation of the early 60s."
1	"A Single Man still stands as a vivid portrait of life behind a veil, and Firth certainly delivers one of the best performances of the year."
1	"Firth's portrayal of a man repressing his grief while being unable to repress his instinct for love and for life is excellent and moving, while Ford's balancing of depth and surface is precarious but ultimately winning."
1	"The film is an aesthetic pleasure, like being in a designer hotel, reading a deliciously sad novel."
1	"The private tragedy of George is never transformed into the gripping stuff of public drama; his story doesn't become our story. While A Single Man may dazzle the eye, it leaves the heart untouched."
1	"Delicately, and rather brilliantly, Firth suggests how his quiet heroism is mingled with notes of irony and self-deprecation. It is a poignant, deeply compassionate portrait."
0	"After a while, every scene becomes so tweezered, styled and glossed that the whole thing degenerates into a preening perfume commercial. That's one complaint: the other is that a film that should have been so moving is so boring."
1	The kind of confident debut that radiates personality and visual flair while retaining a quietly fluttering heart.
1	"Ford is good, even innovative, in those scenes where he near-subliminally varies colour, tone and texture from shot to shot, in subtle correspondence with the changing emotions."
1	"A Single Man is measured, ironic, stylish and very slight. It would have been much slighter without the performance of Colin Firth holding it together."
0	"The central problem with this pristine, narcissistic film: it doesn't have a cinematic style, it has a maker's mark, a signature that would like to see itself as representing a guarantee of quality."
1	"A Single man is beautiful to look at, exquisitely told and possessed of a rare casual-paced charm that most other film makers take a career to evolve."
0	
1	This is an important homosexual film based on a first-rate novel with a first-rate cast and probably a harbinger of similar movies to come. Many viewers will be disappointed that the movie only hints at intimacy rather than showcasing it.
0	Not Forgotten overcooks just about every ingredient in its narrative chile con queso.
1	A movie that's more convoluted than satisfying.
0	Not effective on any level.
0	"From the start, it's clear there's a riddle to solve...I'm just not sure you'll care about the solution."
0	Not Forgotten is weighted down by obvious creative choices that mar what might have played out like a telenovela episode of Twin Peaks.
0	Contains a plot full of twists that can be seen coming from some distance.
1	"Passchendaele hearkens back to war films of decades past, when patriotism, valour and integrity were presented without irony. But it is infused with the stoicism of people who know it is their job to try to find meaning within an insane situation."
0	Toronto fest opener crudely welds the grisly verisimilitude of Saving Private Ryan to the contempo cultural revisionism of Pearl Harbor but can't forge the disparate tones into a powerful whole.
0	A war movie that can't make up its mind whether war is bad or something one can be proud of.
0	"The scenes may be embarrassing, but at least Gross can't be accused of playing it safe."
1	"As a director, Gross paints in big, emotive strokes, and though his dialogue often feels too tied to historical fact, this old-fashioned, patriotic war movie has its heart in the right place."
0	"It's hard to overstake how unimaginably dreadful is Passchendaele, a First World War drama that does Canada's already ropey film-making reputation no favours whatsoever."
0	"Director-star Paul Gross may have noble intentions, but his film is plodding, to put it kindly: filled with over-scrubbed sets, glutinous tinkling music, and desperately pedestrian dialogue exchanges."
0	"For most of its length the film keeps to the home front, saving its dramatic switch to the Western Front for the final reel, by which point the plot has nailed its rather novelettish colours to the mast."
0	Only Bachchan's customary cameo (temporarily) lifts the spirits.
0	"Despite a great cast and colourful backdrop, Paheli is far from the musical entertainer you'd expect from a big budget project headed and produced by King Khan himself."
1	One of the freshest mainstream Hindi pics of the year.
1	Bollywood buffs and the Shah Rukh Khan fanbase should be well satisfied with this latest extravaganza.
0	Small moments of beauty -- a helicopter landing in a self-created snowstorm -- don't compensate for the overall dullness.
1	"In this painstaking, body-numbing work, finding one perfect leaf fossil is a palpable thrill."
1	"The director, Anne Aghion, likes to fill the screen with the kinds of lonely landscapes that David Lean once used to suggest another kind of desert."
1	"The film's hesitation, lack of rhetorical inflation and commitment to humble observation generate a tough poetry. Ice People sticks in the mind."
1	"With its lack of narration and subjective distance, the film is a uniquely meditative, psychological portrait of individuals who approach scientific exploration with the passion and fervor of artists."
1	"Rashid Masharawi's film is a fleet, dark urban comedy that registers outrage in glancing jabs of absurdist observation."
1	"Laila's Birthday is beautifully shot and overlaid with a spare, lyrical score that lends rueful emphasis to Masharawi's exasperated fidelity to a chronically malfunctioning city."
1	Masharawi's film is a vivid passenger-seat tour of a society perpetually crashing into madness.
0	
1	"'Shank' has a lot more to say than the average no-budget gangland expos, resulting in a film which, for all its clichs, feels surprisingly real."
0	A well-meaning but not always convincing attempt to hoodie-ise the gay coming-of-age drama.
1	"As formula films go, The Bounty Hunter is more enjoyable than most, even if it packs in as many cliches as any."
0	"In The Bounty Hunter, the couple that foils a bunch of tiresome grade-C thriller goons together stays together. Whether or not that's a recipe for love, it's certainly not a formula for romantic-comedy magic."
0	There are no rewards to be claimed for enduring The Bounty Hunter.
0	The Bounty Hunter has little to offer besides some face-time with handsome stars.
0	Silliness prevails in this lame thriller comedy.
0	"Aniston doesn't bring her old A-game to this. But at least she's not quiet and reserved and no-energy, her approach to too many roles of late."
0	"Aniston and Butler can't seem to muster any believable chemistry. A lot of mugging happens, but no magic."
0	"When it comes to Aniston, maybe it's simply time to settle and stop asking her to be The Good Girl anymore -- perky just might be as good as it gets."
0	"Aniston isn't the world's greatest actress, but the main reason The Bounty Hunter stinks is the script."
0	"Butler...is stuck here playing kind of a jerk, so it's hard for him and Aniston to work up much chemistry, particularly as she's busy racing from the law in a pencil skirt and heels (easily the movie's most impressive stunt)."
0	"Tennant aims for a contemporary version of The Thin Man, wedding the banter of sparring spouses with sleuth work. To say that he falls short of the mark is understatement."
0	Does Columbia Pictures know that a reality-television program with a similar name already exists on A&E? Is it wrong to find that show funnier and more romantic?
0	"Note to Jennifer Aniston: stop playing with your hair! That's not acting, it's playing with your hair."
0	"Based on the onscreen evidence, not a single person in front of or behind the camera cared a whit about how The Bounty Hunter turned out."
0	"Yes, it's every bit as brainless as the trailers suggest."
0	Perhaps tracking down the folks responsible for this film should be Milo's next assignment.
0	"Inexplicably, Butler continues to get work in romantic comedies despite his limited range and boorish persona."
0	"This genre has devolved to the point where what I appreciate most, in the end, is simply not cringing."
0	I stared with glazed eyes at The Bounty Hunter. Here is a film with no need to exist.
0	The Bounty Hunter marks a new low and a new genre: the bail-bondage rom-com.
0	"Averagely routine, routinely average romcom."
0	There'll be worse films released in 2010 -- but not many.
0	"Death, taxes, Gerard Butler. Wish them away all you like: still they befall us."
0	"The story of a bail enforcer who captures his newspaper-reporter ex-wife manages to be both formulaic and patchwork, with whatever twinkles that exist between the stars eclipsed by the overall crudeness."
0	"The film is stuffed with these idiosyncratic micro-roles (I loved Siobhan Fallon Hogan as the bondsman's secretary), which prove more diverting than the two main characters."
0	"The latest evidence that, when it comes to romantic combat, we live in a more thoughtlessly brutal age than our ancestors did."
0	"At points, the film sinks below the level of competent: A stupid plot trick early on is so badly edited that it takes another minute to figure out what's supposed to be going on."
0	...plays less like a genuine story than as a series of 'beats' engineered for the cheapest possible audience responses.
0	"There are two parallel stories: Milo's and Nicole's on-again, off-again relationship, and those guys with guns who keep shooting at them. We know exactly how the first one is going to end and we don't care about the second."
0	The putrid result never rises even to the lofty heights of mediocrity.
0	"Someday, The Bounty Hunter and last month's Cop Out will be featured in a cable movie double bill as the two worst 1988 films of 2010."
0	"The filmmakers clearly believe that their tangled storyline is madcap and delightful, but each new complication just serves to make us feel as though the blessed end of the movie is creeping further and further away."
0	"A so-so movie that confuses loving closeups of Aniston's golden highlights with a character, and stripped-to-the-six-pack shots of Butler with a plot."
0	There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
0	The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
0	You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
0	"Even considered as no more than an assembly-line Hollywood product, The Bounty Hunter falls well below factory standards."
0	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
1	
0	"The Cannes Che, probably a film no one will see again, is a big, sprawling, ambitious mess. It's less a grand-opera mess than a beautifully constructed machine whose parts don't all quite work together."
0	The pic comes off as too scattershot to do anything but skim the questions it raises about the nature of the image as spiritual beacon and corporate logo.
1	"A tight, energetic documentary."
1	"Zippy enough, if a little meandering, and spends equal time on the man and the myth."
1	"Film-makers Trisha Ziff and Luis Lopez ask how and why the wisdom of the crowd decided that this image should not merely be a badge of youth radicalism, but an icon of purity."
1	"Revolution is always with us: this week's guerrilla documentary, watchable and well-researched, is Chevolution."
1	"This intelligent documentary wonders how it happened, and how a hardline Marxist keen on political violence became a marketing tool and patron saint of every vaguely anti-establishment movement on the planet."
0	There isn't any clich that writer Vincent Campanella and director Jeff Celentano don't treat with stoic reverence.
0	The whole production feels like a rejected Law & Order spec script writ (slightly) larger.
0	Overplotted and underwhelming.
0	"From its generic title to its overly familiar plot line to its B-list cast, Breaking Point has the feel of a late-night entry on Cinemax, which no doubt will be its fate sooner rather than later."
0	"Both visually and emotionally ugly from start to finish, this empty crime thriller doesn't have a moment that's genuinely worth watching."
0	"After a particularly brutal, attention-grabbing start, Breaking Point quickly devolves into a flavorless stew of murder, corruption, blackmail and baby tossing."
0	
0	Overwrought indie crime drama.
0	"Unfortunately, Che doesn't feel epic -- just long."
1	"All in all, it's a highly worthwhile, professionally accomplished project, but in its obsessive devotion to precise documentation, the film forgets to inspire."
1	A measure of the movie's strength and weakness is its reliance on Del Toro's charisma in the central role.
0	It's not an elegant piece of filmmaking.
1	"In both halves, Soderbergh emphasizes observation over ideology with an eye toward the mundane details of life on the front lines of a revolution."
0	"This biopic of Ernesto Che Guevara starring Benicio Del Toro may have pretensions to be Lawrence of Arabia but, at least in its second half, it's more like Che of the Bolivian Jungle."
1	"Soderbergh's eye for detail builds over time, until the film becomes as layered as some richly leaf-carpeted jungle floor."
0	Meet Che Guevara. Just think of him as Jesus + Abraham Lincoln with a touch of Moses and Dr. Doug Ross.
1	"Mr. Soderbergh once again offers a master class in filmmaking. As history, though, Che is finally not epic but romance. It takes great care to be true to the factual record, but it is, nonetheless, a fairy tale."
0	The whole movie is a forced march.
1	"It's not a Hollywood-style movie - it demands patience and proper attention - but it's a great movie, and rewards magnificently."
1	"While Soderbergh is not entirely in thrall to the legend of Che, this is not the most critical of portraits."
1	"It is far from being a biopic, more a cinematic extrapolation of Che's iconic status, and by that token it may exasperate some. Others will be engrossed by this flawed, sprawling, intriguing movie."
1	"Soderbergh directs like a tactician at the map-table, ever assessing the importance of the next ridge. This is of some interest, but he has overthought it, and muddled the importance of Che himself, who cuts an aloof and reproving figure."
0	Che is a heroic guerrilla project in its way. It's just that these guerrillas get lost in a mist of opaque purpose and ill-defined movie mission.
0	"For all the drama that surrounded them, Soderbergh never gets under the skin of either Che Guevara or Fidel Castro. We can only hope that the psychological dimensions will be illuminated in the next part."
1	"If you discover a lot about the process and progress of the revolution, this is definitely not the cultural hero of myth, breathtakingly bathed in revolutionary light."
1	"He's made a film that embraces the romance of revolution only to shake it off, leaving very little in its place."
1	"It is worth seeing for its attention to visual detail and ambitious filmmaking, but as a psychological portrait of a compelling historical figure, it is oddly bland and unrevealing."
0	This isn't a biography -- it's a nature show where Guevara is the lion.
0	"For all the movie's narrative momentum, Che retains the air of a study exercise -- of an interest brilliantly explored. How else to explain one's total flatness of feeling at the climax of each movie?"
1	"With Benicio Del Toro delivering a fiercely indrawn and mesmerizing performance in the title role, Che is neither a hagiography nor a superficial character sketch."
1	A richly detailed but emotionally blank account of Guevara's life.
1	"Benicio Del Toro, one of the film's producers, gives a heroic performance, not least because it's self-effacing."
1	You can smell the gun smoke and taste the cigars.
1	"The film's last chapter is arid yet breathtaking cinema, marked by despairing visuals and a climax that withers, not winds, to a close."
0	"If Soderbergh's ambition was to make us feel just how dull it would be to a woods-dwelling communist guerrilla, he succeeded."
0	"In so many ways, Soderbergh's film does the right things, usually by omission. Why, then, does it feel slightly wrong?"
1	"Director Steven Soderbergh's two-part, four-hour Che is part folly and part fulfillment, a methodical if coolly romantic portrait of the most familiar 1960s T-shirt icon outside the peace symbol."
0	"It's hard to know which scene, where the men are tired, hungry and ill-equipped, is more or less important than the others."
1	I do respect Steven Soderberg for taking on this film and giving us a great part one and for Del Toro's performance alone.
1	As absorbing as it is frustrating.
0	"Che, the story of a failed revolutionary, also fails as a film."
0	"In releasing this reverent, meticulous, fascinating but flaccid history in two lengthy parts, Soderbergh committed perhaps the greatest sin of all. He made Che boring."
0	"A potentially great title-role performance by Benicio Del Toro, which won him the best actor award at Cannes, is buried beneath Soderbergh's stylistic tics and a defiant lack of dramatic tension."
1	"One thing's for certain: whether it's a meditation on guerrilla warfare, on Che or on moviemaking itself, you've seen nothing like it and are unlikely to ever again."
0	"There is precious little in these movies to fill out our understanding of what it was that made Che a rebel, a leader of men, and the repository of the romantic dreams of several generations of armchair revolutionaries"
1	"Those who have read something about this will get more out of the movies, but it's not compulsory. I saw both parts in one day and the experience was absorbing."
0	"The Guevara portrayed here has humour but no irony: his commitment to the revolutionary ethos leaves little room for doubt, neurosis, or private loyalties of any kind."
1	"Soderbergh has made two almost perfect war films, more like the Rings Trilogy than The Green Berets."
1	
0	"Alice in Wonderland has its moments of delight, humor and bedazzlement. But it also becomes more ordinary as it goes along, building to a generic battle climax similar to any number of others in CGI-heavy movies of the past few years."
1	"A fantastical romp that proves every bit as transporting as that movie about the blue people of Pandora, his Alice is more than just a gorgeous 3D sight to behold."
1	A really interesting movie.
1	"Burton, bless him, knows you can't CG a soul."
1	"Curiouser and curiouser -- but then, mixing fantasy and free enterprise has always been the Disney way."
0	"Though Burton's film boasts some excellent performances, as the caterpillar says to our heroine, it's merely ""almost Alice."""
0	"The new Alice is casually absurd, off-handed in its violence, and doggedly on message. The movie is not just three-dimensional but blatantly programmatic."
1	"Amid the visual pleasures, the plot additions feel limiting."
0	"It looks like a CGI head trip gone postapocalyptic. In the film's rather humdrum 3-D, the place doesn't dazzle -- it droops."
1	"Purists will squeal, but it's a workable and watchable liberty to take with an oft-filmed yet impossible to film novel."
1	"Carroll purists and freshman English majors may be aghast at the change in story, but for those who watched Avatar and marveled at the images but were left wanting by the wooden acting and tired story, Alice is a treat."
1	A wildly inventive film straitjacketed in conventional narrative form.
1	"When it comes to 3-D visual splendors, give me Wonderland over Pandora any day."
1	"Burton, one of the great visual artists in Hollywood history, is incapable of making an uninteresting movie. Still, I'm not looking forward to the sequel promised in the last scene."
1	"Even Disney and a PG rating can't bury Burton's subversive wit. Like Carroll, he's a master at dressing up psychic wounds in fantasy."
1	"Though it has a few moments where you can see Burton's imagination giving way to Disney convention, along with a bit of trademark Burton darkness, the pleasures of Alice are virtually always unexpected."
1	Carroll purists are likely to dismiss this Alice as spuriouser and spuriouser. But who expects a faithful adaptation of a literary classic from Timothy Beetlejuice?
0	The sweetly surreal feeling of those original books has been lost. What always felt like an English garden party gone slightly off has been replaced by the grotesque and the Gothic and the overdone.
0	"In its big-budget extraordinariness, Alice is awfully...ordinary."
1	"Even considering the liberties Burton has taken with the original text, it's tempting to think that Carroll himself would consider him an altogether frabjous match."
0	"It's just hard to know why Mr. Burton, who doesn't seem much interested in Alice, bothered."
1	"So how's the movie? Mostly frabjous. The visual palette is more artfully riotous than that of other Alice films, the performances more zestful."
0	"Combines the heavy-handed clamminess of unneeded brand remarketing with the hateful hollowness of overdone and empty computer-generated imagery. ... With Burton's uninspired, underdone and underwritten version, you only feel like you're watching money."
1	"Burton treats his material with abandon, but not contempt, and he has brought his Mad Hatter's imagination to a new generation who have not yet read the books."
0	"Gone: the liquid reality of dreams and a sense that anything can happen. In its place: another story of quests, destinies, and chosen ones."
0	What a letdown.
0	"One pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small, and the pills Tim Burton gives you don't do very much at all."
1	"[Depp's] wide eyes and high whimsy feel a bit derivative of his Willy Wonka (another collaboration with Burton), but he invests so much of his ample energy and instinct in these roles that it's hard to complain."
1	"""Frabjous"" may be a word Carroll invented, but Burton knows just what it means, at least in his own mind. He's clearly excited to invite us inside, and as long as you're open to so much muchness, you'll be very glad he did."
0	It might be time for Johnny Depp and Tim Burton to start thinking about seeing other people.
0	Here's a riddle: What's Alice in Wonderland without wonder? It's a beloved character landing in the rubble of wrong-headed revisionism.
1	"Wonderful visuals, bravura performances and crazy conceits mostly pave over some potted characterisation."
1	"Alice in Wonderland isn't quite the natural fit of director and material that it seemed to be on paper, but most of Burton's recent movies have been far more disappointing."
1	"Its best and strangest interludes assert Burton's skills as a fantasist, as well as Depp's as a squirrely, inventive character actor."
1	"Alice plays better as an adult hallucination, which is how Burton rather brilliantly interprets it until a pointless third act flies off the rails."
0	"""Curiouser and curiouser,"" says Alice in Tim Burton's latest, and for the first time I don't believe her."
0	Its single biggest failing -- an affront to Lewis Carroll and the charms of nonsense literature -- is the fact that it makes sense.
1	"The true three-dimensionality here is the old-fashioned kind -- Wasikowska's fully rounded performance. Throughout the technical razzle-dazzle, we keep returning to the pallor of that face, the gravity in those eyes."
1	A visually imaginative fairy tale that suffers slightly from its predictable course but still manages to wow at all the crucial moments.
1	Burton and Disney have found a glorious way to interpret fairy tales and fantasies.
0	"No knockouts here. No tkos, either."
1	"The trippy tale may divide audiences -- Burton's version remains a children's story, though some may find it too over-the-top and idiosyncratic -- but to Us, it's a visual feast"
1	"Much of Carroll's magical nonsense remains, even if Burton's film wobbles at the gates of anarchy and ends up being a more average affair than many might expect."
0	"I can't rid myself of the feeling that for all the funkily crepuscular mood that Burton creates, this is a pretty conventional work."
0	"A film adaptation should, of course, treat its source material as inspiration rather than dogma. But did Burton have to get the books so entirely wrong?"
0	"A succession of chases and fanciful combats, more akin to Dungeons & Dragons than to Carroll, leads to a peculiarly truncated climax. The 3-D effects are enjoyable, but the added depth can't make up for deficits in the concept or the plot."
0	You cannot believe the dreadfulness of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland - gifted director takes on gaga script - until you see it. Enchantment has gone thataway.
1	"IBurton and Woolverton pursue a message of self-fulfilment, not as vigorously as they might chase a rabbit but to the same delightful end."
1	"You leave the theater with a pleasant grin on your face, but by no means is it as wide as the Cheshire Cat's, and that's a shame."
0	I found myself trying so hard to like Alice in Wonderland that the process of watching it exhausted me.
0	"Burton, once a master of CGI, has gradually become its servant, or at least has allowed the studio to. The madcap ringmaster of Gothic phantasmagoria does not exert his individual stamp on a book one might have thought he was born to film."
0	"The film, overall, seems familiar, and one didn't used to feel that about Burton, which probably means he needs to dig deeper next time in search of true oddity."
1	"It's a workmanlike effort that will enchant all but the youngest children while holding the interest of parents. That, by definition, makes for a worthwhile family outing."
1	"Alice in Wonderland is, strangely, about the movie you'd expect based on the talent involved."
0	
1	It deserves to be seen for another of Hurt's exquisitely observed performances.
1	Hurt's perf gives some dramatic continuity to a production that is more a succession of setpieces than a through-drama per se -- at least until its affecting later stages.
1	"Ruspoli's empathy for the high-and-low personalities that make up our urban web -- personified in Leo's friend-to-everyone, destructive-to-himself charm -- infuses his amped-up travelogue."
1	"Propelled by an eccentric cast of characters and increasingly seamy locations, Fix dashes headlong through Los Angeles with a little charm and a lot of verve."
0	
1	"It's an entertaining and thought-provoking take on a sport, and a lifestyle, whose identity and history is increasingly under threat from commercial interests."
0	"Although the action footage is impressive, it becomes repetitive, exposing the rest of the movie as something of a ragbag. Surfing fans may be more enthused."
1	The sensational footage of surfers barrelling through 50ft waves provides most of the appeal. But Joel Conroy's documentary is full of scrapbook curios.
1	Some awe-inspiring big-wave action.
0	"However much you admire the daring of these young surfers, you soon realise that listening to them yarn on about the sport can become very, very boring."
1	"Slightly waffly paean to Irish surfing, rescued by the always awesome sight of waves as high as the screen, and consummately skilled, tanned blokes turning them into a canvas."
1	"Not a reassuring vision, for sure, and no tourist plug for Dalston, Hackney or Haggerston, but the film's a fair calling card for Johnson's talent."
0	"The problem is that there's no character development, no revelations and no epiphany. The film is merely nauseating."
1	"Gerard Johnson's debut is undeniably exploitative and rather pointless, but enough red herrings get chucked into the mix to keep you interested."
0	"Johnson and cinematographer David Higgs shoot this mundane horror in drab, flat colours, accentuating the invasive intimacy with which we're thrown into Tony's life. The entire screen has the greasy texture of accumulated filth."
0	It's a back-of-the-envelope idea with a couple of good scenes. Ideally it needed another six months' story development.
1	"Gerard Johnson's low-budget streets-of-London downer is nominally about a serial killer, but in Peter Ferdinando's remarkable title-role it becomes rather more about urban loneliness and alienation."
1	"No one could possibly regard Tony as without flaws. It is often rough and ready - but it is most certainly the product of a real and very promising film-maker, inhabiting a convincingly original world of its own."
0	Director Sylvain White and screenwriters James Vanderbilt and Peter Berg strain to achieve the pleasurable mix of cheap laughs and expensive action that Lethal Weapon pulled off effortlessly with the help of its stellar cast.
0	"Staying awake during this ordeal of incompetent, incomprehensible stupidity is not difficult. It's so noisy that you can hear it in the next town. Staying interested is something else entirely."
0	The Losers does a perfectly serviceable job of achieving its low ambitions.
0	"The Losers is the sort of pyro-heavy exercise parodied in Tropic Thunder, and no amount of production polish can hide the hollowness beneath its junk-food high."
0	An action film designed for those suffering from ADD.
1	"If The A-Team is half this much fun, they'll be lucky."
0	"Movies aren't loaded weapons, though sometimes, they do go off when their users aren't careful."
0	"Though they have plenty of lethal weapons at their disposal, the Losers are nowhere near as fun as the '80s action-flick heroes they emulate."
0	"Basically, it's The A-Team meets Rambo meets Mission: Impossible, with a mission that's one part trickiness, four parts blowing stuff up."
1	"Proving that ensemble chemistry can make or break a franchise, The Losers redeems itself with comedic camaraderie delivered by a well-chosen batch of rising stars."
1	"""The Losers"" is exactly what you would hope for from an action film: a wham-bam-glitz-and-glam good time with two-fisted action and brains to boot ..."
0	"Like nearly all action movies, horror films, and thrillers in the last 15 years, a sense of motion is conveyed predominately with editing as opposed to through physical space. The compression of time, distance, and movement into hectic cuts is deadening."
0	"The script is boilerplate, the wit pretty much witless."
0	"There's nothing wrong with style for its own sake, but The Losers works so strenuously to be cool at every moment that it can only be anything but."
0	"Whether you're betting on action or laughs, this is a lose-lose scenario."
1	"Though rigidly formulaic, the movie is undeniably good-humored."
1	"The film is easier to take than, say, Kick-Ass or V for Vendetta, both of which came to the screen saddled with misguided pretentions. No pretentions here."
1	"The movie gets the job done, and the actors show a lot of confidence in occupying that tricky middle ground between controlled satire and comic overkill. It's fun."
1	There is plenty of good-guys-vs.-rotten-apple tension here.
1	"Compensates for the mindlessness of its story by filling it with all kinds of clever, playful, stylish flourishes."
0	"The manufacturer's date might be relatively recent, but almost all the ideas and moves are definitely older than the likable cast members."
0	How dumb is it? You might actually kill a few million brain cells just watching it. Some groups may even want to consider inviting a designated driver to sit in the lobby and eat popcorn till it's over.
0	"The movie, based on a comic book, features a couple of actors who deserve better (Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Idris Elba) and some who deserve even worse (like Chris Evans)."
0	"It's strange what a bad action movie takes seriously and doesn't take seriously. Take, for example, The Losers, in which cliches are sacred and human life of no value."
0	The Losers at least has speed on its side -- not to mention a bad case of ADD and camera jitters -- but all compliments end there.
0	"An aptly titled, grossly overdone big-screen adaptation of a DC Comics publication, it is, as though we needed it, another symptom of where we're going cinematically, and a movie that takes bilious joy in its own soullessness."
0	"The Losers is simply a lot of low blows, telegraphed each and every time."
1	"White and director of photography Scott Kevan, who collaborated on Stomp the Yard, have some seriously inventive visuals, which at times are smash-cut fabulous."
0	"The Losers -- co-written by Peter Berg, who made the similarly loud and out-of-control The Kingdom -- makes a whole lot of noise without making a great deal of sense."
1	It was comic booky enough that I just enjoyed it.
1	"As an action fix to hold you before the summer explosions start, you could do worse than The Losers. It's no more than an efficient time-killer."
1	"It isn't half bad: unmemorable but fast and flashy, and less bloated than the kind of action number that keeps John Travolta in Lear jets."
0	"The Losers is a ho-hum scraping of the comic-book barrel, which feels particularly needless with both The A-Team and The Expendables on their way."
1	"Only the strangely coy approach to violence (deaths are nearly all offscreen), leaves an odd aftertaste, but not enough to taint the big dumb fun."
0	It's like being given the finger for 90 minutes.
0	Just endless stunts. Dispiriting.
0	
0	
1	"[Franco's] take on Ralston feels both credible and compelling; few actors could have made us care so much, or disappeared so completely into the role."
1	Boyle is such a gifted director that he overcomes the obstacles and might even match the commercial success of his earlier Oscar winner.
1	"Mr. Franco is simply terrific, and Mr. Boyle's trademark exuberance creates a dizzying succession of images that get the movie not only out of the canyon but into its hero's mind."
1	"Franco is up to every bit of Boyle's challenge, capturing Aron's transition from clownish outdoorsman and party boy to an introspective chronicler of his own impending demise and a visionary lunatic."
1	Boyle turns the near-death tale into a riveting re-enactment that will keep audiences squirming in their seats.
1	"It's a coming-of-age story -- blunt, mythic, gut-wrenching."
1	127 Hours offers a daunting challenge to a filmmaker: How do you rivet an audience when your protagonist can't even move? The answer is that there's an awesome freedom to Danny Boyle's filmmaking.
1	"I have never before seen something yucky on screen make an entire cinema audience suddenly hunch forward and bury their heads in their laps at the same time, as if in some secular mosque for wimps."
1	"Gripping, thrilling, excruciating, inspirational. One of the best movies of the year."
1	"A passionate, bloody argument for engagement with the world."
1	"127 Hours is unflinching in its depiction of what constitutes the ""will to live."""
1	"127 Hours becomes the one-man Franco show, and the actor gives a tour-de-force performance."
1	"There are moments of genius in this film, jumbled up with the kind of excess Boyle can't help but indulge. His response to the constricted task before him is to break out with more unbridled style than ever."
1	"Fraught with tension, yet never claustrophobic, 127 Hours is a phenomenal piece of work in which a fine actor and an innovatively cinematic director join forces to keep you gasping for oxygen all the way."
1	"It's a crazy stunt of a movie, the kind of dare that only Oscar-winners get to blow their goodwill on. And still, Boyle might have bested himself again."
1	"Boyle's skill at wringing physical and emotional reactions from his audience is impressive; watching 127 Hours is, as intended, an experience of grueling intensity."
1	"Danny Boyle pumps every frame of 127 Hours with cinematic adrenaline that declares war on the dull gravity of docudrama. And James Franco does the best, most natural and nuanced acting of his career to date, lacing terror with bracing humor."
1	"In the end, ""127 Hours"" is one man's incredible, unforgettable journey; it took the extraordinary alchemy of Boyle and Franco to also make it ours."
1	"To say that this movie gets under your skin is only barely a figure of speech. It pins you down, shakes you up and leaves you glad to be alive."
1	"127 Hours may be occasionally overdirected, but it's never under-felt... and more importantly, Franco's work goes a long way toward making Ralston's story live."
1	"The setting may seem constricting, but Boyle captures the intensity of Ralston's experience in a swift, agonizing, defiantly cinematic 90 minutes."
1	"Sleek and stylish, harrowing yet heartening, Danny Boyle and James Franco bring their best picture to the big screen."
1	"Boyle's style is never less than energizing, as it manages to keep this incredibly cramped space interesting."
1	"As Franco goes from fearful to resigned to resentful of the spot he's in, we're absolutely hooked."
1	"Like all great movies, ""127 Hours"" takes us on a memorable journey. Which is not easy when 90 percent of the movie takes place with a virtually immobile hero in a very cramped setting."
0	"""127 Hours,"" about an unimaginably unbearable experience, is pretty much an unbearable experience of its own."
1	"The latest from Danny Boyle is actually an ode to survival, a bracing story of man and nature and an exhilarating sensory experience. It's my favorite movie so far this year."
1	"How do you make a movie about immobility? For a hyperactive stylist like Boyle, whose movies are at best thrillingly kinetic and at worst represent death by a thousand cuts, the solution turns out to be absurdly simple. He heads inward."
1	"From such harrowing beginnings, it's rather awesome what an entertaining film Danny Boyle has made with ""127 Hours."""
0	"Shiver-making moments aside, in a important way 127 Hours suffers from the filmmaker's lack of nerve, a reluctance to let the audience taste Ralston's dread and the expectation of a slow, absurd death."
1	"In his impressive follow-up to Slumdog Millionaire, the Academy Award-winning director honors the lure of solitude while at the same time celebrating the beautiful necessity of other people."
1	"Franco is a remarkably engaging actor - a prerequisite here - but Boyle, understandably, tricks up his predicament with a slew of Ralston's imaginings and fantasies and swaddles everything in a throbbing synthopop score."
0	"Aside from an exhilarating opening and a gruesome climax, the movie isn't all that rich emotionally; all the visual razzle-dazzle winds up serving a pat lesson about people needing other people."
1	"It's a movie worth seeing, even when it's barely watchable."
1	"[It] will blow you away -- for its audacity; for James Franco's performance; for the way that, by the end, it leaves you feeling connected to the strangers sitting next to you, and happier to be part of humankind."
1	"Directed and co-written by Danny Boyle in a style that travels from ecstatic to nerve-wracking and back, this is a film about perseverance, strength and the importance of always letting people know where you're going."
1	"Boyle is such a gifted filmmaker that, in his hands, 127 Hours is genuinely -- and unsentimentally -- inspirational."
1	"Boyle has always been an exceptionally stylish director, and, despite its limited setting, 127 Hours is a marvel of visual eye candy."
1	"Danny Boyle can't help but return, over and over again, to material that's heavy on physical pain, mental paranoia and personal treachery."
1	"In taking a Movie of the Week plotline and giving it a technical supercharge, Boyle has restated his case among the front rank of filmmakers."
1	"Franco acts his heart and soul out, as Ryan Reynolds did in Buried, a similar one-man agony opera in a confined space."
1	At its centre is a magnificent performance from James Franco...
1	"At the end, we stagger like Ralston from the dark into the light. We might have both our arms left, but our nerves are just as terrorised."
1	"Boyle's film takes us back to the campfire for a story that is painful and powerful, as well as true."
1	That director Danny Boyle makes us feel the shock of relief as Ralston finally pulls away from his stony prison signals just how immersive a piece of first-person story-telling this is.
1	"It's an incredible performance by Franco, walking the line between what once was enthusiasm but now is manic desperation."
1	Any film that relies on one actor to carry the movie demands a lot of its leading man but James Franco applies a youthful exuberance that makes him so watchable it's all viewers could do not to blink.
1	"[Gilliam] turns a world falling apart into a funky, dizzying spectacle."
1	This film hits a nerve a lot more effectively than either the director's Brazil or The Fisher King.
1	"What's remarkable about 12 Monkeys is that, despite its decade-hopping abandon, the film makes a chilling kind of narrative sense."
0	"In its frantic mix of chaos, carnage and zoo animals, 12 Monkeys is Jumanji for adults."
1	"Willis gives a quietly intense performance, looking like he's trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle in his head."
1	A potent glimpse of doom with a jarringly familiar ring.
0	Overwrought.
1	"As an entertainment, it appeals more to the mind than to the senses."
1	A consistently engaging motion picture.
1	"In some ways, 12 Monkeys is the end-of-the-world thriller that Kathryn Bigelow's Strange Days wanted to be."
1	"At one point Cole says that viewing the past is like watching a good movie, 'Every time you see it it's different, because you're different.' 12 Monkeys is a film that will do that, change as you change."
1	"A densely plotted, visually dynamic post-apocalyptic thriller."
1	"Mystifying, intriguing, even infuriating, it shows what happens when an unconventional talent meets straightforward material."
1	"Willis and Pitts's performances, Gilliam's atmospherics and an exhilarating momentum easily outweigh such trifling flaws."
1	"Bruce Willis, in an eruptive performance of startling emotional intensity, stars as Cole, a prisoner tagged for an experiment that may get him killed."
1	"Terry Gilliam's most mature film to date demands rigorous analysis from the viewer. Add to this the director's grotesquely comic hallmarks, and the resulting film is a complex and rewarding fantasy."
1	"There's always overripe method to his madness, but in the new 12 Monkeys Mr. Gilliam's methods are uncommonly wrenching and strong."
1	"Dark and somber like Blade Runner, this sci-fi is a spectacular mess, a convoluted film with too many ideas for its own good, blending (among other things) the virus thriller with the post-apocalyptic genre."
1	"Gilliam gives the material a lunatic poetry of his own, but remains impervious to the requirements of narrative pacing."
0	Neither as visually compelling as Brazil nor as emotionally gripping as The Fisher King.
1	"While all of Gilliam's movies are worth seeing, there's a fair amount of his designer grimness here mixed in with the cabaret comedy."
1	"This dystopian time-travelling sci-fi is a reminder that the director can make films that are visually inventive, intellectually engaging and downright exciting."
1	"The film itself is a little too rough around the edges to fully engage. Fascinating subject, though."
1	"Using Baltimore's dirt-bike groups as its entry point, the film offers a remarkable grassroots look at how the system is broken at the inner-city level."
1	An urban Western with ball caps and bikes in place of cowboy hats and horses.
1	"Set to a lively soundtrack, 12 O'Clock Boys expresses the paradox of the sport -- its surface coolness and inherent recklessness -- as a single, troublesome package."
1	"In slow-motion shots, Nathan captures the riders' pride in mastery and thrill in adventure."
0	Engrossing if slightly slapdash.
1	"This visually stunning, thematically complex documentary will stir up a wide range of reactions."
1	"""12 O'Clock Boys"" packs more life into its 72 minutes than many longer documentaries do."
1	"In this transfixing documentary about a Baltimore boy striving to join illegal urban dirt bikers, first-time filmmaker Lofty Nathan conjures a unique journalistic excitement."
1	The young filmmaker rarely digs beneath the harsh environment's many fraught surfaces. He simply lets his cameras be his guide.
0	"The film's implication, that the rides need to be curtailed, seems obvious; and I can't help thinking that Nathan realizes this, but stops short."
1	Nathan's film defies easy categorization; he's interested in neither telling a fairy tale nor painting issues in broad strokes.
1	"Nathan wisely avoids explicit commentary. He doesn't need it: Coco's angry frustration, Pug's bruised confusion, and the police helicopters constantly hovering above the defiant bikers say enough."
1	"Its rhythm is the jagged rhythm of everyday life, and its primary asset is its unemphatic authenticity, offering a window into a very specific time and place."
1	"It could have romanticized its subjects, portraying them as outlaws and folk heroes. Or it could have gone the way of moral panic. To its credit, [it] does neither of these things - or, rather, it does both, in the most subtle and insightful way possible."
1	"Take a closer look, as Lofty Nathan does in his freewheeling debut feature... and bike gangs like the 12 O'Clock Boys start to differentiate as more than just a dangerous nuisance."
1	"[Pug is] a fiercely individual child, but, inevitably, his predicament also symbolizes how poverty can warp a good boy's nature."
0	"[It] spectacularizes black criminality for white middle-class viewers, the primary audience for the festivals and art houses where this film will have its career."
1	Documentary filmmaker Lotfy Nathan explores the outlaw appeal of an inner-city Baltimore dirt-bike gang through the eyes of a 13-year-old wannabe member named Pug.
1	"A short, pungent, ambiguous portrait of the poorer sections of Baltimore and the young men who get their kicks riding dirt bikes through the streets en masse, popping wheelies and dodging the police."
0	"A big, dumb lug of an action movie, 12 Rounds is fronted by a big, dumb lug named John Cena."
0	12 Rounds is an occasionally exciting but always empty action movie experience.
0	"12 Rounds is the unholy stepchild of Die Hard with a Vengeance and Speed, starring a man whose lack of range makes Steven Seagal seem nuanced by comparison."
0	"The future of vacuous action movies is clearly with the likes of Cena, humans who resemble characters from video games, albeit without the acting chops."
0	"Renny Harlin's 12 Rounds satisfies, on the most primitive level, the expectations for a second-rate action flick."
1	"Director Renny Harlin keeps the wall-to-wall action hurtling along at such breakneck speed, that it's not hard to get swept up in the crash-and-explode craziness of it all."
0	Wrestling star John Cena is the dead weight that drags down this brainless but energetic action picture.
0	Harlin makes good use of both the architecture of the city and of his formidably muscled leading man. But you will probably find yourself praying for this duel's knock-out punch to arrive long before it actually does.
0	"Time for a revenge game cribbed right from the Die Hard series (and directed, hardly coincidentally, by Renny Harlin, who's an awfully long way from Die Hard 2 and Cliffhanger here)."
0	"There's something strangely charming about films that are all artifice, explosions, and naked calculation. 12 Rounds is at least honest trash: It never pretends to be anything other than manic schlock."
0	"There's a decent little action movie somewhere inside '12 Rounds': a bit more complexity of character, a few more jokes and a hero who doesn't look like a two-by-four with a buzz cut might have gone a long way."
0	"A lunk-headed, brawling action movie with more muscle than brains and the kind of editing that feels like being repeatedly shot in the eyes with a staple gun."
0	"One long blur of car stunts and digital clocks counting down to detonation - passable for lazy television viewing, but not worth the price of a ticket."
0	"It remains to be seen whether this crude, dumbly entertaining outing will encourage the director to tackle more of the Greek myths."
0	The kind of passable in-flight entertainment you could watch half-asleep.
0	Skip the cop rot - it will damage your brain.
0	Cena has neither the ease nor the appeal of Dwayne Johnson - the one true Rock - and the film's steroidal pastiche of 1990s thrillers (Speed and Die Hard with a Vengeance) is faintly embarrassing.
0	"Apart from the palpably improbable storyline, Harlan shows a massive disregard for characterisation, and so much bang-bang editing that you scarcely know where you are."
0	"Heavy on stunts but light on plausibility, humor, surprise, visual ingenuity or psychological depth."
0	
0	Contents itself with peddling the same crap about pure valor and warrior ethos that's been around since wars were actually fought on horseback-and it doesn't even have the decency to reward viewers a rousing cavalry charge.
1	"It's a rousing movie, but not what you'd call a very introspective one."
1	"... stirring and solid, ""12 Strong"" is the kind of film that might make you think twice about January releases, and spotlights a riveting story in our recent history that many Americans might not know."
1	"This Chris Hemsworth vehicle is is often hammy, but also wryly funny, breath-stoppingly tense, and uncommonly intelligent. Its January dump is a disservice to a promising debut feature."
0	"On its own terms, the film is watchable enough, but it's blunt and stolid and under-characterized, and at 130 minutes it plods."
1	Thor has been promoted to Captain America.
1	"It's virtually all Hemsworth's show and he's entirely up to the task of carrying the film on his broad shoulders: He's charismatic, fearless, confident, jokey and a good old Kentucky boy who just wants to get the job done ..."
0	"What makes ""12 Strong"" objectionable - and what will also make it appealing to some - is its attempt to induce a kind of amnesia in the audience ..."
0	"If you want to feel good about a war with no end, this one's for you."
1	"""12 Strong"" lacks depth but fulfills its mission to entertain."
0	... the numbers don't add up; the movie lacks a discernible attitude toward those desperate days in America's history.
1	This is not a movie with time on its hands for character development or scrappy political discussions. What 12 Strong does deliver is a rousing tribute to soldiers whose contributions went unheralded for years.
1	"It tells its story, about 12 American special-forces soldiers who spearhead a decisive battle in Afghanistan against the Taliban, with both laudable restraint and a healthy respect for what actually happened."
1	It's a remarkable true tale of great heroism.
0	12 Strong winds up being an almost-good film about some great American soldiers.
0	"More often than not, ""12 Strong"" feels like a sports movie, where all the stakes rest not on matters of honor and duty, but on a single field goal."
1	"A fairly straightforward and enjoyable movie about an extremely complicated and demoralizing war. Its goal is to focus on a small group of heroes, and it shows little interest in the bigger picture."
1	"For devotees of cinematic blowouts and dedicated students of screen masculinity (like me), ""12 Strong"" is premium, Grade A catnip."
0	"In the end, the feat these characters pull off is rousing, but 12 Strong never gathers the momentum it needs."
0	"It might be enough that ""12 Strong"" makes you feel good that the United States still produces guys like this. Too bad we didn't get to know about the real guys and their actual story."
1	"It's not a bad movie, as far as it goes. In terms of context, though, it goes virtually nowhere."
1	"Intriguingly, the filmmakers and their Chris Hemsworth-led ensemble are most concerned with the uneasy strategic and cross-cultural connections forged between US special forces and Afghan militia in their mutual fight against the Taliban."
1	"""12 Strong"" does a good job of telling a great story, about the first Americans to fight their way into Afghanistan after 9/11."
1	"Sans magic hammer, Chris Hemsworth's career as a leading man is spotty at best. It seems he just needed horse co-stars."
1	"Never delves deep enough to examine the larger involvement of the U.S. and those ramifications, but ""12 Strong"" manages to infuse heart and character into this adrenaline-fueled war film"
0	"Fuglsig's feature debut is ultimately less an action movie and more a procedural, one in which incremental gains and minimal casualties are as much as can be hoped for."
1	"Shannon and Hemsworth employ all their uncomplicated masculine charisma, and the war scenes are pumped with adrenaline."
1	Put aside your hindsight and at least you'll be rewarded with some invigorating action.
0	"""12 Strong"" does its best to tell a story of heroism from a dark chapter in our history, but its reality is much more complicated."
0	"Combat scenes seem more interested in the faces than the fracas, missions are undertaken with no apparent outcome, and great difficulties loom and then dissolve like mist."
1	It's all solid from a technical perspective. Where the film could have used more power is in its narrative momentum.
0	"The Horse Soldiers' story is unconventional, and the film-produced by uber-slickster Jerry Bruckheimer-has been shaped along conventional war-movie lines."
1	"Although the characters are all types, the performances are strong enough that we identify with them despite their lack of depth."
1	12 Strong combines formidable technique with a very simple-minded and jingoistic perspective on the American war on terror.
0	It's all very easy: a feelgood war tale from what feels like a distant age.
0	"12 Strong passes by doggedly and in a haze, a theatre of war which gives us back row seats rather than throwing us properly into the thick of things."
0	"Yes, it's intense jingoistic nonsense and full of hilarious caricatures - watch out for US enemy No 1, the evil Arab Mullah Razzan, played by Numan Acar in deadpan homage to Aladdin's cartoon nemesis Jafar."
1	"The action is frequent and gripping, the heroism present but understated, and the sense of tactical complexity has survived the script-writing process, so there is more geo-political subtlety than one expects from a post-9/11 American war movie."
0	"Unfortunately the movie's central philosophical conflict, between the captain and an Afghan warlord, features dialogue like ""Your mission will fail because you fear death."""
1	"Northup's story was a true, terrible thing, and by virtue of telling it, the burdens of all American slaves are unflinchingly realized by Ejiofor and McQueen alike."
1	...a particularly noteworthy advancement in McQueen's already impressive filmography that funnels the cerebral formalism of his earlier features into a deeply involving survival narrative.
1	This epic account of an unbreakable soul makes even Scarlett O'Hara's struggles seem petty by comparison.
1	It's the nobility of this remarkable film that pierces the soul.
1	"Stark, visceral and unrelenting, 12 Years a Slave is not just a great film but a necessary one."
1	"It's not too soon to call 12 Years a Slave a great film-ruined, tremulously sad, surreal in its evil."
1	"In the epic form of 12 Years a Slave, his most approachable, emotional film, McQueen escalates the tension."
1	"12 Years a Slave is a movie about a life that gets taken away, and that's why it lets us touch what life is."
1	"A strong, involving, at times overstated telling of an extraordinary life story."
1	"Believe the Oscar buzz. Britain's Steve McQueen (Hunger, Shame) nails the horror of America's slavery shame but also finds humanity in one man's determination to free himself and return to his family."
1	"McQueen and Ridley seem determined to obliterate any lingering Gone With the Wind-inspired notions that the antebellum South was a place of grace and charm, or that slavery was, in the euphemism of the day, merely a ""peculiar institution."""
1	12 Years a Slave is easily the greatest feature film ever made about American slavery.
1	"It's smashingly effective as melodrama. But McQueen's directorial voice-cold, stark, deterministic-keeps it from attaining the kind of grace that marks the voice of a true film artist."
1	Brave performances throughout this magnificent film.
1	"The film truly belongs to Ejiofor, whose big, soulful eyes seem to register so many things at once: Shock, pain, grit, determination, abject despair at times, cautious hope at others - and always, dignity."
0	Aside from a characteristically nuanced lead performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor... it's a picture that stays more than a few safe steps away from anything so dangerous as raw feeling.
1	"If the best films hold you in a captive vise, entertain you, keep you spellbound and teach you something at the same time, then 12 Years a Slave is outstanding-brave, courageous and unforgettable."
1	"""12 Years a Slave"" offers no false Hollywood catharsis along with its muted happy ending, because we're not free from the curse of slavery yet. Looking at it, as it really was, is a start."
1	"When a director who never ever blinks takes on a horrific subject, a nightmare in broad daylight is the inevitable result. Welcome, if that is the right word, to the world of 12 Years a Slave."
1	The harrowing 12 Years a Slave is a mesmerizing period drama for the ages.
1	"It seems certain to transcend the movie realm and become a new reference point in contemporary culture-a defining vision of what slavery looked like, and felt like, in the U.S. before the Civil War."
1	"McQueen doesn't go in for a lot of flash edits or self-conscious visual flourishes to put viewers at ease; rather, he invites the audience to sit with him as he gazes, amazed, at man's inhumanity to man ..."
1	"A film this good, and this quietly distinctive in its style, is always welcome."
1	"A harrowing, unforgettable drama that doesn't look away from the reality of slavery and, in so doing, helps us all fully, truly confront it."
1	"""12 Years a Slave"" works on so many levels -- some topical, some timeless -- that it's almost impossible to count them."
1	"You won't be able to tuck this powder keg in the corner of your mind and forget it. What we have here is a blistering, brilliant, straight-up classic."
1	"Channeling the evils of human bondage through the experiences of one weary figure, McQueen has constructed another intensely physical character study about a man trapped in his own flesh."
1	"The genius of 12 Years a Slave is its insistence on banal evil, and on terror, that seeped into souls, bound bodies and reaped an enduring, terrible price."
1	Slavery here is not only a great moral darkness but a sweeping canvas for depicting the emotional deformities of the people who enforced and exploited the practice.
1	"12 Years a Slave is likely the most painful, clear-eyed feature ever made about American slavery. In that light, it almost seems faint praise to add that it will also likely prove to be the best film of the year."
1	"It is Ejiofor - bewildered, sorely tested, morally towering - whose staggered dignity anchors the film."
1	"Steve McQueen's 12 Years a Slave, written by John Ridley and starring Chiwetel Ejiofor, is a necessary corrective to the antics of Django Unchained, not to mention Mandingo and its ilk."
1	"12 Years a Slave, British director Steve McQueen's antebellum Southern drama, sets a new standard in realistically depicting American slavery."
1	"""12 Years a Slave"" is a somber, meditative, almost poetic film that delivers the horrors of bondage stripped down and head-on."
1	A brutally powerful and emotionally devastating film that takes great pains to rip any lingering vestiges of romanticism from America's most shameful institution.
1	Remarkable.
1	"So raw and distressing is this historical account of a true-life American slave, it's tempting to turn away from the screen. Or maybe just cover your eyes for a few minutes of respite. Try not to."
1	"With this powerful, almost classical drama, British director Steve McQueen has made the seminal film about slavery that Hollywood feared to tackle."
1	The film offers a formidable indictment of the cruelty of which human beings are capable.
1	One of the finest historical movies ever made.
1	But the much talked-about 12 Years a Slave is more than a beautifully shot art piece. It's history made violently real.
1	"Other movies and books have gone here, but few so far and with such overwhelming clarity of purpose."
1	"""12 Years a Slave"" lays out an institution so twisted and wrong that its honest portrayal has been avoided for centuries. Yes, it's dark and brutal. It needs to be."
1	This is not medicine for America to swallow; it's filmmaking of the highest caliber.
1	It provokes recognition in us of the very heart of darkness. It makes the unimaginable imaginable.
1	"""12 Years a Slave"" isn't easy to watch, and it shouldn't be; it's one man's tragedy, but it's also the tragedy of countless thousands of souls beaten down, literally and metaphorically."
1	Slavery is revealed for the unrelenting horror that it was. About time.
1	One of the best and most courageous films of the year.
1	12 Years a Slave is at times difficult to watch but always impossible to turn away from.
1	It is a film that necessity and education demand seeing.
1	"The power of McQueen's movie is in its declaratory style: This happened. That is all, and that is everything."
1	"So overpowering is this film's simple, horrible, and almost entirely true story that it's hard to get enough distance on 12 Years a Slave to poke at its inner workings."
1	"Every scene of 12 Years a Slave, and almost every shot, conveys some penetrating truth about America's original sin."
1	"The cumulative emotional effect is devastating: the final scenes are as angry, as memorable, as overwhelming as anything modern cinema has to offer."
1	"12 Years a Slave isn't simply a masterpiece, it's a milestone. This, at last, really is history written with lightning."
1	"The whole film breathes with reality, even while the bayou landscapes are infernalised, surrealised, by a terrible beauty of vision."
1	"One of Britain's greatest living filmmakers offers an outraged, intense and artful examination of American slavery."
1	McQueen's previous films were called Hunger and Shame; there is plenty of both in this almost unwatchably shocking and violent film.
1	"Ejiofor projects extraordinary integrity, even nobility - and he holds the camera magnificently. It's a deeply inward, deeply felt performance, surely a cert for one of the many Oscars this film must win."
1	"It speaks to the courage and resilience of one man, the savagery of many, and the potential, for both good and for ill, in us all."
1	"McQueen depicts the horrific experiences of Solomon Northup, the free man kidnapped and sold into slavery, in utterly unflinching fashion. The film's strength lies in its frankness and avoidance of either sentimentality or Quentin Tarantino-style irony."
0	"In its own saintly manner, it's as exploitative as anything critics accused Django Unchained of being, - Tarantino's eye for idiosyncrasy and sense of humor."
1	"The film tells an irresistibly powerful story, in a way that does not shirk the horror. It is unbearable to watch at times, but that is as it should be."
0	"A film that, despite its surface simplicity, proves to be riven with contradictions to the point of incoherence."
0	"[A] half-hearted redundancy, which often looks and sounds like something Charles Bronson paid bills with in 1979."
0	A starry cast and glossier production values simply work against the black-and-white original's strengths in this stillborn thriller.
1	"Aside from some character-defining flashbacks, a godawful score and sweat-enhancing color photography, it's the same movie as before -- a divertingly tense yet superficial time-waster."
0	"A tense, paranoid nightmare with a chilly metaphysical overview has been trampled into a blustering, bad cartoon."
0	Making a film about the cutthroat world of Russian Roulette is a little like making a gambling thriller about the card game War.
0	"Gla Babluani's English-language remake of his French debut loses the source's gritty, mysterious gloom."
0	"""13'' is Gela Babluani's American remake of his successful 2005 Georgian-language film ""13 Tzameti.'' He should have left well enough alone."
1	Wildly kinetic actioner possesses a cool classicism.
1	It shows that Takashi could be a great filmmaker if he'd only slow down.
0	Surprisingly few surprises in this classic samurai costumer from Japan's dark iconoclast Takeshi Miike.
0	"Perhaps something important was spirited away with the 20 minutes of footage shorn for this U.S. release, but the combatants are scarcely distinguishable here even before disappearing under layers of mud and guts."
1	"If Miike had to make all of his other flicks to get to this brilliant catharsis, it was worth it."
1	"A classic samurai movie, right up there among the finest in the genre."
1	"""13 Assassins"" isn't just an action adventure with horror credentials, but a study in criminal pathology."
1	"A stirring, unexpectedly moving story of love and blood..."
1	"Visually spectacular, with wide-screen cinematography from Nobuyasu Kita, impressive, full-scale sets and special effects and exhausting, immersive action scenes, ""13 Assassins"" is pretty nearly the samurai classic it sets out to become."
1	"13 Assassins is reliably entertaining, but ultimately it's too traditional to be a classic."
1	"The great thing, typically, about a Takashi Miike film is that there's no such thing as a typical Takashi Miike film."
1	"""13 Assassins"" is a must-see for Miike's passionate legion of fans. But even action buffs who've never seen any of his films before will be drawn in by this masterful exercise in cinematic butchery."
1	Has a mixture of bloodletting and exultation that would make Sam Peckinpah sit up in his grave and howl with pleasure.
1	"The film is built as a long crescendo, opening at a level of considered, Zen-like reflection and ending with a prolonged cacophony of elaborate, town-wide annihilation."
1	Nearly every image is memorable: it is hard to pick out the most mind-blowing.
1	"13 Assassins musters nearly twice as many swordsmen as Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and is about two-thirds as good, although it delivers the requisite genre thrills."
1	"Epic in scope, ambition, and execution, it's a classic swords-and-samurai film with postmodern blood and guts, and it's completely satisfying."
1	Pays off thrillingly with a virtuoso 45-minute bloodbath you won't easily forget.
1	Miike's magnificent 13 mark both the end of an era and the boundary of a genre.
1	"Miike directs the ""village of death"" battle with an astonishing relentlessness: just when you think you've seen the last bout of flesh-skewering, he tips another bloody bucket of slaughter into the mix."
1	What's special about 13 Assassins is a 45-minute battle scene in which 13 heroic warriors take on the vastly superior army of a wickedly sadistic Shogun lord.
1	Kinetic film-making of a high order.
1	"A film, like so many samurai stories (and American westerns) about brotherhood, justice and sacrifice, 13 Assassins is, at turns, thrilling and funny, visually exquisite and emotionally charged."
1	"13 Assassins is a savage, insane movie - in the best way possible."
1	A richly cathartic experience with a wide range of emotional colors.
1	"""13 Assassins"" has what many action pictures need, a villain who transcends evil and ascends to a realm of barbaric madness."
1	"Does Guinness World Records have an entry for longest on-screen fight? If it doesn't, Takashi Miike's ""13 Assassins"" just set it. And if a record actually exists, Miike's film just broke it."
1	"The dialectic about duty may not translate to a modern Western audience, but the savage sword-fighting is to die for."
1	"Though 13 Assassins' setup could stand some tightening, it's all necessary prelude to a spectacular, action-packed final hour where all hell breaks loose and the streets and rooftops flow with blood."
1	One can pinpoint the exact moment when 13 Assassins transforms from vivid samurai drama to insane work of genius.
1	"Familiar though it may be, as samurai movies go, 13 Assassins"" is a killer."
1	"This slam-bang remake of a 1963 feature by Eichi Kudo builds slowly, accumulating characters and themes, then explodes into a prolonged and masterful battle sequence inside a deserted town."
1	"13 Assassins looks at honour from many angles, without becoming simplistic. Ichii hasn't lost his edge after all."
1	"The excessive mind of Japanese director Takashi Miike (Audition; Ichi the Killer) throttles back the gore to deliver a disciplined, refreshingly grounded samurai action film."
1	Everything here is unnerving and uncomfortable to watch - and that sense of amplified discomfort naturally extends to include an eleventh-hour shift in tone from harrowing psychodrama to black comedy.
1	An effective variation on stalker/home-invasion thriller themes.
1	The ominousness just keeps building.
0	The film inspires almost no feeling at all - even the Friday the 13th movies bother giving the bad guy a backstory.
0	
1	"Jennifer Garner makes the transition from cult-fave TV action icon to full-fledged, ultra-charismatic feature lead in 13 Going on 30."
1	"Thanks to a snappy script by Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa and an effervescent performance by Jennifer Garner, this romantic comedy has a buoyant personality."
1	"The movie may not be as good, uplifting, or perceptive as Big, but it's one of the better teen girl-themed films of the year, and can be enjoyed by viewers of either gender in any age group."
1	"Once the movie gets going, it's funny, resonant, and magical in the same way Big was."
1	"Just when you think there is nothing left to mine in the body-switch genre, 13 Going on 30 is an unexpected pleasure, a buoyant comedy that will make you feel young again."
1	Whenever [Garner's] on screen you don't want to look anywhere else.
1	"A spirited comedy of complications whose derivative plot is bolstered by worthy messages, quaint '80s nostalgia and agreeable mush."
1	"Amusing, charming and pleasantly nostalgic."
1	"While essentially a retread of Big, what keeps this body-switch comedy going is the director's love for actors, and his refusal to judge them by the characters they play."
0	"As fantasy-formulaic as 13 Going on 30 is, writers Josh Goldmith and Cathy Yuspa ... haven't bothered to work out the sort of details that transport us too."
0	"Garner is supposed to have a teenage mentality, but she marches around with preternaturally good posture and speaks her lines as if she's still auditioning for the part."
1	"Ms. Garner's performance is what sticks with you. She's hilarious, warm and cool."
1	"[Garner] is appearing in her first comedy since Dude, Where's My Car? And she seems to be having such a good time doing it that we can't help but be drawn in."
0	"Unlike Hanks in Big, there's little consistency to [Garner's] character."
1	"Garner is a delight, a completely accessible personality in completely forbidding clothes."
0	"Subplots make the story feel labored, as if no one wanted to confront what it actually feels like to be a kid trapped in an adult's life."
1	"The thirtysomething in me was all, gag me with a spoon, but the kid in me was like, this movie's rad to the max."
0	The movie is as flighty and mixed up as the adolescent girl at its center.
1	A gender-bended Big with a Sex and the City gloss.
1	A film whose far-fetched foundation is overshadowed by the endearing story.
1	"If 13 Going on 30 isn't exactly original, it's still reasonably cool, thanks to Garner's uninhibited portrayal of a nerd trapped in a Sex and the City body, and to the inspired casting of Mark Ruffalo as the grown-up Matt."
1	"A lot fresher than its premise, largely because of the terrific casting."
1	"You find yourself rooting for [Garner and Ruffalo], despite the predictability of the premise."
1	"Provides a lighthearted, amusing and yet mostly honest version of a daydream most of us have had at one time or another."
1	"It's nice to know that, Hanks or Garner, male or female, Big is still an idea that works, 16 years after it opened."
1	"Frothier than the sweetest drink at Starbuck's and deft in the slapstick department, the actress turns a generic female version of Big into a raucously charming teen fairy tale."
1	It's a surprisingly charming and fresh comedy that only becomes painfully saccharine in its last 20 minutes.
1	Garner is so appealing as Jenna ... that she almost makes you forget you've already seen Tom Hanks endure similar travails in 1988's Big.
1	"The lanky action star of the cult television series Alias is assigned a tired playbook in this film, but she finds room to manoeuvre in a performance that exceeds expectations."
1	An engaging and wholly preposterous gumdrop of a film.
0	Often 13 Going on 30's pleasures aren't deep so much as they are the trained responses to a push of our MTV-programmed buttons.
0	"You buy the magic because it comes with the territory. What I couldn't buy was the world of the magazine office, and the awkward scenes in which high-powered professionals don't seem to notice that they're dealing with a 13-year-old mind."
0	It's looking for comedy and romance in the obvious places.
0	"Like a petulant 13-year-old, I'm still pouting over my disappointment."
1	"Like Hanks in Big, and Jamie Lee Curtis in Freaky Friday, Jennifer Garner is funny and endearing ..."
1	"No question: 13 Going on 30 could have aimed higher, but it hits the target at which it carefully points."
0	"The greatest asset is Garner, who invests Jenna with disarming winsomeness and loads of klutzy teen-like charm"
1	"A funny and charming romantic comedy, 13 Going On 30 is a gender-tweaked take on Tom Hanks' child-in-adult-body hit Big."
1	"With its '80s references, it's basically calorie-lite escapism for those who are 30 going on 13 and want to see nice girls get Mark Ruffalo and bad girls wear Chanel and edit Vogue."
1	"Yes, it's just a female version of ""Big,"" and yes, the story is fairly disposable, but gosh if Garner doesn't somehow pull it off."
0	"A few laughs, but the premise is not developed with much comic flair."
0	"Apart from the moment when Garner unselfconsciously flirts with a 13-year-old boy, the film is pretty much devoid of comic spark, and though it seems to have sweet intentions, it keeps sending mixed messages."
0	"As bombastic, shoot-'em-up spectacle, ""13 Hours"" is a visceral, well-paced and often beautiful action-thriller."
0	"A wholly fictitious bus blast had my audience applauding with glee. ""That was for us!"" a character grins. Yes, literally - it was invented for a crowd that prefers fist-pumping to facts."
0	A bizarre mix of war pornography and dour isolationist posturing
0	"The film wants us to feel, as one of the men they protect says, ""I'm proud to know Americans like you,"" but we're never really given the opportunity."
1	"Bay's goal is to put you right in these men's boots, to feel the heat, the fear, the fatigue, the weight of the weapons and the web of camaraderie."
1	The most surprising thing is how Michael Bay makes 144 minutes pass so quickly.
0	"For Bay, the murky context of history isn't worth thinking about-yesterday's tragedies are today's passable action fodder."
0	The movie is a pummeling slog - 45 minutes of setup and an eternity of relentless combat.
0	"All the performances are solid and the facts as Zuckoff's evenhanded book lays them out are adhered to. It's the writing that clanks and, worse, Bay's continuing inability to stage action sequences so that a viewer has any idea who's doing what to whom."
0	"A relentlessly intense, grotesquely overblown and numbingly long account of extraordinary heroism on the part of six American security operators in the midst of horrific chaos."
0	"13 Hours is a movie where the questions are asked first and the shooting happens later, the opposite of Bay's usual modus operandi. Bully for him and bravo for journalism, but it doesn't make for satisfying cinema."
1	"This is the story of a fiasco, one made less so by the fierce and selfless commitment of a few good men whose old-fashioned kick-ass attitudes form the crux of the yarn's appeal."
0	There's a concerted effort to depoliticize the story... but the movie will find a warm welcome in the red states with its simpleminded tale of brave men doing the right thing while the government falters.
1	"Bay doesn't always strike a solid balance between re-enactment and entertainment, but his successes in that regard are pivotal."
1	"The key characters are pencil sketches, not flesh-and-blood, but they serve Bay's purposes, as do the performances."
1	"Lacking in nuance and occasionally plagued by corny dialogue, ""13 Hours"" is nonetheless a well-photographed, visceral action film, and a sincere and fitting tribute to those secret soldiers."
1	"Bay seemingly can't help but make a movie that is loud, brash, nuance-free and more glandular than cerebral. ""13 Hours"" is a movie that stimulates the production of adrenaline, not insight."
0	"It's long, downright dispiriting, enjoyable only sometimes, and yet there's a feeling of authenticity."
0	A cool 90-minute action flick padded out into a lumbering ooh-rah male weepie.
1	"It's when bullets fly that Bay is at his best. He stages the battles well, and builds tension effectively and at times inventively."
0	"There is a good and interesting movie out there to be made about the tragic events at Benghazi and the political aftermath but ""13 Hours"" is definitely not it."
1	"After a string of iffy Transformers movies, Bay reminds that he can do a much better action movie with humans than alien robots: 13 Hours is his best work in the genre since his 1990s hits Bad Boys and The Rock."
1	"Bay may lack interest in basic story construction or coherent battle scenes, but the guy has a preternatural skill at evoking sensation."
1	It marries visceral Hollywood-style filmmaking (a Bay trademark) with sober subject matter in a manner that doesn't trivialize the seriousness of the story it's telling.
0	"Bay works best with chaos. There's no shortage of that here. It's getting from fire fight to fire fight that's the problem, lending the film a video game-like structure that grows repetitive in the back half."
1	Ham-handed but grueling and often effective ...
1	"Bay has a genius for incoherence, and this is one historic crisis that feels uniquely suited to his dubious talents ..."
1	"Sure, Bay indulges some signature cinematic fetishes. But he shows restraint with the slowed-down, sexed-up shots. War is gritty here, not glamorous."
1	[Bay] does well here what he always does well: He keeps the action at full throttle. This is also what he does so annoyingly: He always keeps things at full throttle.
0	"[Bay] is hell on manly banter amid the explosions (""Just another Tuesday night in Benghazi""), and also moments carefully calculated to make you feel the horrors - and the heroics - of war. Emphasis on ""calculated."""
0	"Bay's action sequences are as riveting and technically beautiful as ever, but his reductive worldview is also on display. ""13 Hours"" doesn't just lionize its American soldiers, it oozes disdain for everyone else."
0	"13 Hours presents itself as a straightforward war film, but that's the last thing a subject this complex needed."
0	"Unfortunately while Bay has an eye, he's never had an ear, and Chuck Hogan's screenplay is full of clunkers, tough-guy dialogue that seems made strictly for cheap applause."
0	"If they are suffering the fog of war, you are suffering the fog-of-action movie, a phenomenon that Bay is all too well equipped to create, having previously worked on the Transformers franchise."
1	"""13 Hours"" is so macho it practically has a Born to Lose tattoo on its arm. It's a military grade war machine, and it comes in the same way it goes out: with guns blazing."
1	"In 13 Hours, Bay is striving for something more realistic, and less Hollywood, than his World War II extravaganza. To some extent, he pulls it off."
1	"The movie is imperfect and overlong but it's never boring. And, although aspects of its factual accuracy can be called into question, it does a decent job of chronicling what happened that night."
0	"Several critics have given 13 Hours a pass, citing Bay's skill at action engineering. It's his failure at everything else that makes this movie as hard to endure as it is impossible to believe. #helpme"
1	"The final word on this incident will require a more thoughtful filmmaker. But hopefully, that artist will possess at least half of Bay's punishing, peerless craft."
0	It's all so hateful. Hates women. Hates talking. Hates tact. Loves guns.
0	"13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is a movie for anyone who saw The Hurt Locker and thought, ""You know what would make this really good? If they got six really muscley dudes with machineguns to come in and blow away all the Arabs."""
0	"It's undeniably spectacular in its own juddering, pyrotechnical, Armageddon-ish fashion, but it's also a film that leads a very rancid taste."
0	The title should give you some idea of how long this two-and-a-half hour film really feels.
1	"Everything you'd expect from Bay is here with bells on - the macho provocation, the sound and fury, and the diabolical pleasure in reducing everything to rubble and bloody mush."
0	"Bay certainly has a style of his own, albeit one that again harks back to the 1980s -- an even more cartoonish variant on the music-video bombast pioneered by directors such as Tony Scott."
0	A creepy little diversion that ultimately unravels long before its hero's fragile psyche does.
1	Stamm brings such a deft touch to these tonal transitions that it's hard to believe he directed the dreadful 2010 hit The Last Exorcism.
0	"An empty, efficient thriller that leaves you as cold as most of its characters."
0	Never satisfyingly accounts for how the unseen puppeteer manages to keep a constant eye on Elliot's every move.
0	"The ""Saw"" formula of a mysterious voice guiding our hero through a series of depravities has gone a bit stale."
1	"Darkly funny and deeply twisted, ""13 Sins"" grabs you from its startling opening sequence and doesn't let go."
1	"13 Sins is a smart, stylish picture elevated by fine performances by Webber and a superior ensemble of supporting players, including Richard Bower, Ron Perlman, and Pruitt Taylor Vince."
1	A thriller of starkly economic proportions.
1	"The terrible game of life is boiled down to its essentials in this new film from 26-year-old Georgian director Gela Babluani, who makes a stunning debut with what might yet become a classic."
1	An intense and claustrophobic thriller.
1	"As a brutal metaphor for the global economy, 13 Tzameti takes care of business; its assertion that desperate means require desperate measures naturally extends to the hair-trigger world of genre filmmaking."
1	13 Tzameti flaunts a grim sense of the absurd that suggests a French new wave film infected with a virulent strain of Eastern European nihilism.
1	By the end ... audiences will need mass manicures.
1	"In a way, 13 (Tzameti) is a nearly gore-free take on Hostel, another film ... about desperate attempts to survive in a place that's simultaneously culturally and geographically alien."
1	You can almost smell the nervous sweat running down these men's backs. You can almost feel the damp.
1	"Starts slowly but builds, Hitchcock-style, to a terrifying crescendo."
1	The resulting jolts add up to one unforgettably surreal nightmare.
0	"French art thriller 13 Tzameti has a literal hair-trigger premise, yet it's so lacking in human dimensions that it creates virtually no suspense."
1	"That calmness -- and the work of both Babluani brothers is weirdly stilled and mature, already devoid of the need to show off -- serves only to thicken the horror."
1	"Although it's likely too stark for everyone, 13 Tzameti offers a mind-blowing experience for anyone willing to go along for the ride."
0	... little substance and lots of fashionable cynicism.
0	Get the picture? I didn't.
0	The first film by a 26-year-old director (Gela Babluani) that feels like the worst of what a 26-year-old director could make.
1	Demands to be seen for the juice it manages to wring out of its central gambit but mostly for the directorial career it hints is on the horizon.
1	"The film is exquisitely simple, and exceptionally tough, and its monochromatic visuals -- and cast of fascinating, hard-bitten faces -- make it impossible not to watch, even when events become close to unbearable."
1	"[Babluani] creates a fear so bottomless, a bad dream so plausible that its hooks tear into your consciousness."
0	"13 (Tzameti) might seem allegorical, but it's too cynically concerned with what works as entertainment to offer larger truths about human existence."
1	The Babluanis are brothers to pay attention to.
1	"Gela Babluani, according to the film's sparse press kit, is only 26 years old but already knows more about suspense than some filmmakers learn in a career."
1	The Georgian-born French director Gela Babluani makes an absorbing debut with this black-and-white thriller.
0	"It may be smarter than Saw II or Saw III, but it's just selling a classier brand of sadistic voyeurism."
1	"Easier to admire than it is to sit through, the French film 13 (Tzameti) is an exercise in stylish depravity that may one day be viewed as the debut of a great filmmaker."
1	"A tightly screwed shocker, a suspense tour de force that proceeds through a harrowing chain of events with alarming confidence."
0	The 13th Warrior seems like a made-for-TV warrior movie without enough money to get really epic.
0	"Loaded with potential, it's puzzlingly overblown and distant, as if its huge budget were an albatross around its neck."
0	It's little more than a shoddy string of action-movie cliches.
0	"With the possible exception of the action sequences and the very occasionally imaginative set design, it's awful."
0	The 13th Warrior indulges in enough grubby histrionics and costume-adventure clichs to give you fifth-grade flashbacks.
0	"A mud-stained, blood-soaked and completely useless movie."
0	
0	The film feels as hollow as empty armor and slightly hackneyed.
0	"With a budget said to be more than $100 million, it displays a lot of cash on the screen, but little thought."
1	"If the juiciest bouts of professional wrestling on television leave you feeling unfulfilled and pining for the primal howls of fight - to - the - death combat, The 13th Warrior just might be the answer to your prayers."
1	An exhilarating 100 minutes!
0	It falls short where it counts: in the final confrontation.
1	"The most unexpectedly audacious, exhilarating, and wildly creative adventure thriller I have seen in ages!"
1	The 13th Warrior is a kick in the 10th century.
1	"Actually a well-marbled, albeit derivative, slab of action-movie man meat."
1	"As movies about Norsemen go, it's not as witty as The Vikings with Kirk Douglas, but it holds your attention through sheer cinematic power."
1	A big cathartic blast.
0	"The film is fascinating to watch, but I can hardly say what it's about, other than people killing each other."
0	"At its best, this achieves the beauty and grandeur of a Kurosawa epic -- at its worst, however, it feels like a Python remake of The Vikings."
0	"Michael Crichton's story is underdeveloped and narrow in range, resulting in a tale more curious for its odd confluence of elements than for their edifying deployment."
0	Akira Kurosawa's brilliant samurai movies -- especially 1957's Throne of Blood -- are a visual influence. But the script lacks the dignity that infuses Kurosawa's equally blood-thirsty characters.
1	Reassuringly old-school gothic.
1	"Refuses to embrace the fashionable elements of torture porn that are currently cutting a bloody swath through the horror genre, relying largely on psychological terror to impart the sense of someone possibly going mad, and taking the viewer along."
1	"This isn't a horror movie about... screams and yells, it's more like chills and little moments of revelation."
1	"1408 generally survives and thrives on the strength of John Cusack's passionate performance as a skeptic of the supernatural who learns that spooks may be real, + a spirited supporting role by Samuel L. Jackson and some effective chills."
1	"Cusack manages to summon deep wellsprings of personal grief along with breezy humor and naked animal terror. It's a tour de force performance that confirms the talents of this remarkably versatile, sometimes underrated actor."
1	"Quaint or not, this King adaptation chills, and may have you Googling the next hotel you're scheduled to check into, room by room."
0	"Regardless of how long you last in 1408, the logic to which you are entitled never comes."
1	"The horror wouldn't work without Cusack, who makes what could have been a rote acting exercise -- Be tough! Now angry! Now defensively funny! -- a cathartic ritual instead."
1	A little suspension of disbelief goes a long way once the scary stuff gets going.
0	1408 amounts to little more than a radical shock-therapy session for a man still finding his way after the loss of his daughter. Best to leave him alone with his issues.
1	"Swedish director Mikael Hafsrom, who scored with Evil in 2003 and fizzled badly with Derailed two years later, seems to have regained his footing."
1	"The story features some surprises, and director Mikael Hafstrom adds realism by bypassing computer graphics for practical effects. Add in the natural fear of being trapped in tight spaces and you have a can't-miss formula for horror and suspense."
1	"1408 is not quite interesting enough to linger long in the mind, but it has enough jack-in-the-box chills to mollify those who feel it's been all downhill since The Uninvited."
1	"Adapted from a Stephen King story, this trite but watchable chiller plays like a scaled-down version of The Shining, with Cusack driven over the edge by hallucinations of his abusive father and dead daughter."
1	"It's a good, solid scare picture, modestly scaled but well-crafted. And unlike certain other horror items on offer right now, this one doesn't make you feel like a psycho-in-training for sitting through it."
1	"Listen up, all you Hostels, Saws and other purveyors of bloody terror. Lay down your whips, chain saws and paring knives to watch a truly scary movie."
1	"Based on a Stephen King story, 1408 takes the simplest plot and turns it into an enjoyably surreal, unnerving creepfest."
0	"The movie attempts a false ending that doesn't quite work; the picture feels prolonged, dragged out, and its ennui lessens the impact of some of its more terrifying fillips."
1	A faithful and creepy adaptation of [King's] 2002 short story.
0	"Even as haunted hotel King movies go, 1408 is certainly no Shining. Not even the TV-movie version."
1	A genuinely disturbing and ingenious piece of horror that's as much a brainteaser as it is a feast of visual creativity.
1	"1408 is one of the good Stephen King adaptations, one that maintains its author's sly sense of humor and satiric view of human nature."
1	"An entertainingly hairy paranormal affair based on a King short story, 1408 sets up its star -- and its audience -- for a blood-curdling, bone-chilling night of horror."
0	There's ghoulish fun and Hichcockian suspense until the film hits a narrative wall around the 60-minute mark.
1	"If I ever check into a hotel room and the clock radio is playing the Carpenters, I'm going to freak out."
0	"In this mix of recycled scares and half-hearted twists, the only real fright is the sight of an interesting actor wasting his talents in yet another mediocre movie."
1	"With a minimal amount of blood and virtually no gore, 1408 still manages to give you a major case of the creep-outs."
0	"You might say 1408 has a 1409 ending -- beige, humdrum, only mildly uncomfortable and, once passed through on the journey home, instantly forgettable."
1	"You would assume that Stephen King had wrung about all the neurosis that could be squeezed from the haunted-writer theme in Secret Window, Misery and, most famously, The Shining. You would, however, be wrong -- dead wrong."
1	A psychologically thrilling movie that leaves you gasping in the end.
1	"All the suspense and shock depends on [Cusack's] performance, how he reacts from minute to minute, and he does a terrific job under Mikael Hafstrom's direction."
0	The problem with this movie is that it feels too much like a joke rather than a true work of suspense.
1	"Virtually a one-man show by Cusack, and he's up to the task."
1	"A Stephen King short story is adapted and brought to the screen in 1408, more psychological thriller than outright horror."
1	It reminds us what it's like to be scared in a theater rather than overwhelmed by buckets of blood and gore.
1	"Things certainly go bump in the night in this slow-burning Stephen King adaptation. But 1408's short story origins are very clear: think a long, if enjoyable, episode of The Twilight Zone."
0	You leave the film once again feeling that Stephen King is either not quite as good as his reputation or that most film-makers can't replicate the subtleties of his style.
1	"John Cusack's edgy, likeable performance carries this paranormal chiller, based on a Stephen King story and highly reminiscent of his landmark shockfest The Shining."
1	"Cusack, who is in almost every scene, is astutely cast: his sardonic persona gradually disintegrates as the room plays its malevolent tricks on him."
0	"It all rather sidesteps the question of why reluctant manager Samuel L.? Jackson fails to demand a written disclaimer from a guest insisting on a room that has seen 56 deaths, including drowning in chicken soup."
1	Unpretentious and effective.
1	"Even if by the closing act the movie has begun to feel a bit preposterous (enter the giant sea storm) and the resolution a bit saccharine, that's a small price to pay for a movie that's trying hard to reinvent horror the old-fashioned way."
1	Cusack always manages to underscore panic with irony.
0	
0	
1	"Depardieu lends it gravity, the supporting performances are convincing, the locations are realistic, and we are inspired to reflect that it did indeed take a certain nerve to sail off into nowhere just because an orange was round."
0	Here's a one-word review of 1492: hubris.
0	
0	"Ridley Scott's 1492: Conquest of Paradise is a long, becalmed and hollow hull of a movie about the old order bumping into the New World."
0	This $50 million spectacle must be one of the least entertaining epic films ever made.
1	"Stylish package has thesps hitting their marks (and each other), but also keeps the human drama from being swamped by wirework and CGI effects."
1	Its stylishly retro touch and flashy sets and stunts makes a nice package.
1	"Come for Ku's joyful choreography, stay for Yen's most memorable post-comeback performance."
1	"While ""14 Blades"" grinds on perhaps a half-hour too long, its ambitions and energies show that for a fresh take on the western, go east."
1	"Director, co-writer and production designer Daniel Lee keeps things moving so quickly, there's little time to worry about such basics as where we are or what's actually going on."
0	"Unfortunately, Archambault's churlishly over-the-top performance makes it impossible to take 14 Cameras seriously, no matter how you interpret Gerald's actions."
0	Voyeurism has never been so boring.
0	A tedious exploitation picture not even sleazy enough to find offensive.
0	"""14 Cameras"" is simply a perv fantasy pretending to be something more than the icky piece of filmmaking that it is."
1	"A remarkably compact motion picture... those who have no memory of that or any similar case will find gripping suspense, absorbing drama and stinging social comment in this film."
1	"This timely Quebecois drama can sometimes creep too far into afterschool special territory, but the intense emotions on display give it a certain raw staying power."
0	A potentially meaningful movie that hands us a double dose of despair when a ray of hope was needed.
0	"""1:54"" intends to be a straight-shooting social drama about the multifaceted problem of bullying in the digital age, but it's out of touch with how real teenagers think and act and communicate. It's a modern film that feels like a relic."
0	"The film seems exaggerated strictly to pray upon latent public fears in a calculated, predatory way."
0	Isn't as clever or as timely as it clearly perceives itself.
0	The reality of 'unscripted' programming et al. trumps the critique from the gitgo.
0	One of the most brazen pieces of blame-shifting in exploitation-picture history.
0	"Less the blistering satire it imagines itself than a blustering, bloody, blundering melodrama."
1	Boasts a fine cast and makes enough cogent points that it rises above standard cop fare.
1	"Its savage indictment of the nexus involving media, crime and a voracious public is a cinematic statement difficult to ignore."
0	[The premise is] rolled up in a formulaic young cop-old cop action flick like a sparkler in a rug.
0	"A jumping off point for showy, contrived, borderline exploitation sequences that fail to tie together because they're not really there to do anything but sell themselves as money shot thrills."
0	"Can never transcend its own crass, exploitative and cynical nature."
1	"Big, loud and lurid, but no less entertaining for that."
1	Herzfeld is smart enough to just let De Niro be De Niro.
0	Relentlessly stupid and grating.
1	It's to Herzfeld's credit that the movie's caustic observations hit the mark as often as they belabor the obvious.
0	"Watching it is like spending time with a know-it-all teenager; the kid isn't neccessarily wrong, but he's definitely irritating."
0	"Herzfeld's a secondhand-meister, simply regenerating themes, styles and a story line that we've all seen -- and tired of -- somewhere before."
0	"The movie is nothing if not ambitious. The movie is nothing if not overdone. The movie is also, well, pretty much ... nothing."
0	A clumsy urban thriller.
0	Two horrifyingly bad hours that should stand as a reminder to keep Hollywood away from big issues or anything else it can put in its mouth and choke on.
1	A shrewd thriller.
0	"The filmmaker tries to eat his cake and have it as well, giving his audience ample servings of what we presumably want while slapping our wrists for it at the same time."
1	A picture that has a crowd-stopping impact.
0	Overwrought and hypocritical.
0	"Ultra-violent, blatantly manipulative and politically reactionary."
1	"De Niro and rising star Edward Burns have just enough knowing, gritty give-and-take in 15 Minutes to make you hungry for more."
1	"A real movie, rough edges and all, and not another link from the sausage factory."
0	"There's a dynamite movie to be made about the collision -- and collusion -- of celebrity culture, violence, and media complicity. But the hot-button 15 Minutes isn't it."
0	"A tiresome screed that purports to teach us a lesson about violence and the media even as it serves up much more than the minimum daily requirement of stabbings, bloody gunshot wounds and relentless stomach punches."
0	"Warhol's statement was just a one-liner, and a movie requires more than that to run two hours."
1	"It doesn't feel like a cookie-cutter cop thriller, and, on top of that, it's actually about something."
1	
0	
0	
0	As if 21st-century moviemaking magic had been let loose on a terribly conservative and hopelessly blinkered 1980s relic of a script.
0	Ignoring the controversies baked into this true story and focusing solely on military procedures and sharpshooting tactics is to trade uncomfortable historical context for big screen excitement.
0	Yoav becomes such an oppressive presence that it is difficult to empathize with him.
1	Hankin's film finally makes the indigenous variety of deadlock particular to New York politicos seem as quaintly comforting as a buttered bialy.
1	An uncommonly engrossing and articulate documentary.
1	A documentary that features forthright interviews with major players and gives a good sense of the infighting and pettiness without getting bogged down in it.
1	This interesting but undeniably bottom-line-minded chronicle of the rebuilding at Ground Zero provides a unique look at civic strife and a city's spirit.
1	This alternately amusing and heartbreaking documentary coherently chronicles the endles process of rebuilding Ground Zero.
1	A fascinating portrait of municipal and private interests trying to make headway in the charged atmosphere of devastating personal loss and wounded national pride.
0	This tale of a cop and a baker running for their lives wants to have its cake and eat it too.
1	"16 Blocks does raise the banner for the tradition of the textured urban cop drama, spurred by action but made substantial by characters at crossroads."
0	An action thriller exactly like every other.
0	"It's a small movie trying to seem epic, or a bloated monster trying to seem lean (real B movies don't have 14 producers), but it's clear that at 99 minutes, 16 Blocks should've been at least 20 minutes shorter still."
0	"Despite occasional bursts of suspense, the movie as a whole plays out as a long 95 minutes, with its lack of inventiveness leading us more frequently into tediousness than tension."
1	"The two characters have the luxury of real, reflective time to fill, something so rare in an age of zip-bang-crash-zap action-pic editing as to be classified as 'old-fashioned.'"
1	"Idiotic, for sure, but what saves 16 Blocks is Richard Donner's slick direction and the occasional flash of humor you get in most Bruce Willis flicks, whether it's in the script or not. He can scarcely say a line without smirking."
1	"Short on words and long on action, Richard Donner's adrenaline-spiked action flick is a compendium of familiar genre components."
1	"This is a sturdy little cop thriller, and even when it stretches the bounds of plausibility, you go with it, partly because you believe -- almost against your better judgment -- in what the characters are doing."
1	"The film's depiction of a defeated man summoning the moral courage to address his past is, satisfyingly, more '70s than '80s."
0	16 Blocks seems as if it has been around the block a time or two.
0	It seems such a waste to go onto the actual streets of Lower Manhattan and shoot a movie this stupid.
1	"The bedrock of the plot is the dogged determination of the Bruce Willis character. Jack may be middle-aged, he may be tired, he may be balding, he may be a drunk, but if he's played by Bruce Willis you don't want to bet against him."
1	The one bright spot in all this is Mos Def's performance.
0	"It's standard, familiar fare: Take away the profanity and swap Bruce Willis with Richard Crenna, and you would have a perfect CBS movie of the week, circa 1982."
1	[The film has] an air of believability that thankfully doesn't get lost in the sometimes fast pace of the flick.
1	This action-thriller is so predictable that you probably could outline the plot after watching a 30-second TV spot. But it's so entertaining you won't budge from your seat until the final bullet has flown.
1	"The show really belongs to Willis, who brings a hangdog authority to the midlife action pose of paunchy, hungover, yet ready to rock and roll."
0	"It goes from one implausible situation and hail of bullets to the next outlandish moment and more gunfire. There are also moments of extreme, flat dullness -- those generally being the moments when Def isn't talking."
1	"Hiding among all the uniforms and bullets, it turns out, is an actors' movie, and two actors more than capable of hitting their marks."
0	"Another urban action thriller that's better than some, worse than most and so forgettable that it's possible to forget it while watching it."
1	16 Blocks is a police procedural in the change-your-life spirit of Oprah. And I say this with the deepest respect for both genres.
0	"[Richard] Donner can direct this sort of thriller in his sleep, but he squanders the movie's sense of urgency for little acting or screen-writing indulgences."
0	"Getting anywhere in New York gridlock can take forever, especially when you're following Bruce Willis in a cookie-cutter action thriller."
1	The actors seem to have inspired the hack director Richard Donner and the cat-and-mouse game is much grittier than one would expect from the creator of the Lethal Weapon series.
1	"16 Blocks is the best of this trio [of recent crooked cop movies, including Dirty and Running Scared], thanks to the winning performances of its stars -- a restrained Bruce Willis and a very likable Mos Def."
0	"This noisy, formulaic film turns out to be immediately forgettable, except for the parts that are so ridiculous they leave you shaking your head in wonder hours later."
1	"Its dialogue is sassy, its plotting is taut (maybe too taut, as key segues are AWOL), but 16 Blocks has more on the brain than mere distraction. It aims to save souls."
1	"While 16 Blocks may be two blocks and three left-hand turns too long, it's still one sturdy cop thriller, filled with grit, corruption, action and redemption and fueled by strong performances from Bruce Willis, Mos Def and David Morse."
0	The Lethal Weapon movies were all about charismatic actors breathing life into stock characters. That doesn't happen with Willis and Def.
1	16 Blocks emerges from the seasonal shadows to provide a fair measure of entertainment.
0	It's the clamor and weak script that make it feel like a flatfoot trying to chase down a better movie.
0	In the end it's not the predictable action but the lack of chemistry and camaraderie that sinks 16 Blocks.
0	"16 Blocks feels like a remake of Clint Eastwood's The Gauntlet. The Gauntlet was exciting nonsense. 16 Blocks is just dutiful, until all the duty crowds out any fun."
0	No one can dismiss 16 Blocks as a mere formula flick -- it's a mere two or three formula flicks all fighting for top billing.
0	No wonder the trip takes so long: 16 Blocks insists on taking only the most heavily travelled routes.
0	I thought this film is one long corny clich.
1	Willis and Def -- funny even if he overdoes the whiny shrieking -- are a terrific team.
1	"Willis has been playing slight variations on this role for years now, and though the films don't get better, his performances do."
1	"Clunky, solid, enjoyable."
1	"Fast-paced, tense and intermittently exciting, Donner's latest will keep genre fans engaged with its polished blend of tried and tested elements."
1	"A happier surprise is the smart work of director Richard Donner: 16 Blocks is all jumble and jangle-crowds, snarled traffic, and discordant car horns."
1	An intense and imaginatively mounted first feature.
1	A film that teeters between the rapturous and the ridiculous.
0	This Scottish memoir of inebriation and sobriety leans heavily on the hurt of booze and rarely on the high.
1	"The freely associative, poetic tone signals this isn't going to be just another grungy British pic about young malcontents and petty crime."
1	"Despite reams of maudlin narration, McKidd's powerful performance as a conflicted man makes this beautifully shot low-budget feature worth checking out."
1	"The film has a poetic pulse, its ups and downs accompanied by some smartly chosen pop songs, a seductive original score and McKidd's husky voice-over narration."
1	"It's a carefully made movie, evocatively filmed and intelligently thought out by the director and his cast."
0	Eventually the movie drowns in words.
0	"I can hardly bear to remember the songs, much less discuss them. Perhaps I shouldn't. It is just too damn bad this movie didn't take advantage of its right to the pursuit of happiness."
1	"With ""1776,"" political struggles that took place nearly two-and-a-half centuries ago feel as fresh and immediate as the political struggles of today."
1	"Impressively, the rookie scribe-helmers' sense of equilibrium is unerring and also surprisingly subtle."
1	The film captures a moment when irrationality and romantic self-delusion go viral -- and the difficulty of containing such elements.
0	"A lot of style, but not much substance."
0	Plays like the most lyrical after-school special ever; it gives lip service to the teens' anxieties and euphoria while threading in the occasional swoonworthy image.
1	"The movie takes you inside the dreamy collective mentality of bored, mildly rebellious girls who look with horror at the lives of their mostly working-class parents."
1	"The movie needs a tighter grip, yet the narrative detours, including a beach party and one especially liberating confrontation, can be surprisingly joyous."
1	"The film's rhythms mimic the volatile emotional life of adolescence: the violent rushes between euphoria and despair, the overconfident contempt for adults mixed with regressive dependence when things fall apart."
1	"""17 Girls"" doesn't try to explain its many mysteries. That would have made for a better film, but this one does a nice job showing its effects."
1	"17 Girls has a nice look, and strong performances, but ultimately, the Coulins fail to go deeply enough into the heads of their protagonists."
0	"The film suggests a state of grace between childhood and adulthood, but the narrative feels increasingly tentative, and the characters remain opaque - ""local divas,"" in one teacher's estimation."
0	"The question is why this incident seemed worth dramatizing, especially in such a dreamily romanti-cized way - with perfect pregnancies and friendly baby daddies."
0	"17 Girls is allegedly inspired by true events, but this diffident, dreamy film is so insubstantial it's hard to believe there's a speck of reality to be found in it."
0	A beautiful mess with a point of view that's way too easily distracted.
0	"Although Burns is, of course, a beloved institution, and any opportunity to see him is welcome, he is not given much to do in the movie, and he doesn't do much with it."
0	"While this Italian-language weepie blessedly sidesteps schmaltz, it disappointingly fails to capitalize on its promised premise. It's something for the re-gifting pile."
0	It's a shapeless mass of film stock containing some brilliant moments and a lot more that are singularly uninspired.
0	What high hopes were inspired by Bernardo Bertolucci's 1900 -- and how few of them are realized.
0	The mannered elegance of the camerawork and lighting cocoons the whole sad mess within a veneer of utterly spurious 'style.'
0	"Great moments stud Bernardo Bertolucci's 1976 Marxist epic, but the end result is ambiguous."
0	"The revolutionaries who fought to free China from nearly 3,000 years of dynastic oppression deserve a worthier cinematic monument than 1911."
0	"If the success of epic storytelling were determined by the sheer number of unnecessary on-screen name tags, 1911 would be a masterpiece. But the small matters of characterization, audience identification, and scene-making are entirely absent here."
0	"Chan has not injected any of his playful charm or physical virtuosity into Wang Xingdong's and Chen Baoguang's insipid, poorly structured screenplay."
0	"Corny, preachy and tedious."
0	What should be rousing stuff - a republic is born! the chains of feudalism thrown off! - remains a kind of lavishly illustrated history lesson.
0	"With ""1911,'' art direction speaks louder than words."
0	1911 serves too many masters for its own good.
0	"The Revolution will not be televised, Gil Scott-Heron once sang. Nor should it be filmed, we might add -- at least not as a costume drama with stirring speeches, an inspirational love story and gloriously heroic military charges."
0	Earnest and studious to a fault. Rarely has a film about upheaval felt more like a textbook.
0	May be slow going for anyone not well-versed in this chapter of Chinese history.
0	Packed with so many characters and subtitled history lessons it barely allows its excellent main cast room to maneuver.
0	"Let there be no doubt that everyone involved with 1917 gave their all to the exercise. But its ultimate status as an exercise is, likewise, without doubt."
1	"It may be a grandiose flourish, but you can't deny it makes for a startlingly literal theater of war."
1	The movie is more successful as a thriller than as a thoughtful examination of war and its horrors; Mendes seems less interested in the nightmare of battle and its effects on his characters than he is in Hitchcockian audience manipulation.
1	"[L]egendary cinematographer Roger Deakins (No Country for Old Men, Fargo, Blade Runner 2049) effectively drops the viewer in the center of the story and compels them to stay there, fully immersed in every muddy step, hunger pang, and rifle click."
1	"There's no time to pause, even for great beauty, a lesson that even ""1917"" is often loathe to honor."
1	"Sam Mendes's 1917 is an amazingly audacious film; as exciting as a heist movie, disturbing as a sci-fi nightmare."
1	"[T]his is a protean display of virtuoso filmmaking, one that film aesthetes will wallow in but that even ordinary audiences will note and appreciate."
1	"Astonishing as his filmmaking can be at times, it's Mendes' attention to character, more than the technique, that makes ""1917"" one of 2019's most impressive cinematic achievements."
1	"""1917"" is a modern war classic and one of the best movies of the year."
1	"'Once Upon a Time on the Western Front', as you could subtitle Sam Mendes's nerve-fraying rollercoaster of a war movie, is a simple men-on-a-mission dressed up with all the technical bells and whistles at the director's disposal."
0	"[I]t's hard to totally invest in the plight of these frazzled grunts when they're both filmed and characterized like video-game avatars, guided from one ""level"" to the next."
1	"Sam Mendes delivers the film of his career by mashing up the survivalist thrills of The Revenant with the helter-skelter mayhem of a shoot'em'up video game, and setting it during the Great War."
1	"The film proves once again that war is hell, but the aftermath can be just as visceral and thoughtful."
1	"A highly convincing welter of dirt, exhaustion, and decay..."
1	Its pace is as propulsive as the film's conceit is ambitious. It all leads up to a climactic battlefield dash that should justifiably become a staple of war-cinema highlight reels for decades to come.
1	"What might have been easily dismissed as little more than a simplistic stunt, instead becomes a potent and unforgettable piece of cinema."
1	"Every war is hell, no matter when it was fought, but 1917, which is about a war far removed from contemporary reality, turns out to the best war picture since Saving Private Ryan."
1	"One needn't be British to feel the epic loss and grief of 1917, thanks to some very committed performances, the intimacy achieved by the movie's style and camera and Mr. Mendes's obvious devotion to what he's doing."
1	An immersive war film driven by bravura camerawork and spectacular effects.
1	"By the time it ends, Mendes has built within the audience an intense desire to see the men's message successfully delivered, and like a true dramatist, Mendes milks it for every drop of tension. He does not blow his big finish."
1	The film has a lot of propulsive energy that I found pretty delightful.
1	One of the best movies of 2019.
1	"In one of the best war films of all time, director Sam Mendes brilliantly delivers a story of two WWI soldiers on a mission that's a stunning technical accomplishment that unfurls as one single take - and a deeply felt tale of heroism under fire."
1	"Gripping, heart-stopping, blood- and mud-soaked, immersive and unforgettable..."
1	"A stunning feat of cinematography, production design and performance moving seamlessly as one piece."
0	The artifice of the aesthetic premise overwhelms any of the film's other intentions.
1	"It musters extraordinary technical daring in the service of a homily that boils down yet again to simply, ""War is Hell."""
0	"Despite the film's salient features, ""1917"" feels oddly underwhelming. It might succeed in making viewers as exhausted as the characters, but it lacks the emotional punch this story requires to make it a lasting impact."
0	"Sitting through it is like watching someone else playing a video game for two solid hours, and not an especially compelling one at that."
1	The movie never breaks its rules and never loses sight of its objective.
1	"The filmmakers don't shy from set pieces that would be astonishing even without their central gimmick. They set themselves a challenge for ""1917"", and met it in ways sure to be talked about by lovers of cinema for quite a while."
0	A carefully organized and sanitized war picture... that turns one of the most catastrophic episodes in modern times into an exercise in preening showmanship.
1	"Sam Mendes, has similarly taken top technology - and the best cinematography - to give us a different, equally compelling look at that cruel war, through the eyes of two ordinary soldiers asked to perform an extraordinary task."
1	"Mendes has made a film that feels wholly alive. It's a carefully polished picture, not one that strives for gritty realism. But its inherent devotion to life and beauty is part of its power..."
1	This is a tremendous technical achievement and I was just dazzled the whole time.
1	"Director Sam Mendes [personalizes] the experience through two young British soldiers sent on a harrowing, high-stakes, night-long mission, he creates a film that is tense, exhilarating and profoundly moving."
1	"Yet the tale unfolds with considerable sensitivity, offering plenty of haunting images while capturing the chaos and fear of trench warfare -- especially through the eyes of MacKay, in a genuine breakout performance."
1	"The overall impact of 1917 is simply breathtaking, horrifying, appalling. It offers a compelling version of what a day in the war might have felt like for two soldiers."
1	"Union general William Tecumseh Sherman once said, ""War is hell."" Sam Mendes with ""1917"" says, ""Hold my beer."""
1	"MacKay and Chapman disappear into their roles, pulling us into the story."
1	A huge technical achievement. An immersive war film that's low on plot but high on blistering action.
1	"If Mendes' film-making has sometimes felt to have not fully outgrown his beginnings in theatre, 1917 is wildly cinematic, a movie that makes you feel the breath of mortality on your neck."
1	"War is much on the minds of people right now, and ""1917"" is a good reminder, flaws and all, of what that really entails."
0	"While Mendes didn't shrink from displaying the vivid imagination of a suburban horndog, he's unwilling to face the imagination of the valorous combatants of ""1917."""
1	"1917's ambitious gambit soon becomes a double-edged sword: it brings us closer to these men, but sets them apart from the collective experiences it seeks to memorialise."
1	"From the sole perspective of the filmmaking craft, ""1917"" is worth a watch."
1	"The film is thrilling, moving on effectively from one shocking set piece to another, studding the narrative too with starry cameos."
1	"It's a tense, unnerving ride that accomplishes its goal of translating the first-person experience of war better than any war movies that have come before it. It's a level up."
1	"Too often actors playing rural roles mistake ""slow"" for ""stupid,"" but Jane pinpoints Wilfred's mental acuity without rushing through reactions that feel anachronistic or phony."
1	A largely satisfying adaptation of Stephen King's novella about unappeasable guilt triggered by the mortal sin of murder.
1	"It doesn't take any shocking new twists, but musters just enough fresh polish to a classic scenario to make it worth one more ride."
1	"The film is not lurid in its scares, and instead depicts its protagonist's suffering mostly as a slow rot."
1	"There's an unshakable menace that lingers, a tale of guilt and regret that burrows its way under the skin."
1	"[1922] is a credible addition to a filmography where practically every thought the writer commits to paper is, seemingly, deemed fit for the screen."
0	The familiar case of a short story stretched too thin in a feature film.
1	"In cinemas, it might have been overshadowed by flashier rivals, but perhaps, on demand, this slow, but winningly bleak little tale will find the audience it deserves."
0	It may possibly be that Mr. Spielberg has chosen gigantic size and unlimited quantity as his comedy method in the awareness that he has no gift whatsoever for small-scale comic conceits.
0	The film feels coolly detached because the story and characters are underdeveloped.
1	"Suitably low-key but sometimes under-realized, this drama is fueled by its working-class milieu and a heart-wrenching performance by Hill Harper."
1	"Michael Radford's brilliant film of Orwell's vision does a good job of finding that line between the ""future"" world of 1984 and the grim postwar world in which Orwell wrote."
0	"Nodding to the movie's bleak mood, Burton bleakens himself; robbed of the pleasures of the grand, show-offy way he could use his voice, the mischievous twinkle of his eye, you feel cheated."
1	"Anchored by a deeply felt central performance from Cory Michael Smith, the modest but affecting film should find a receptive niche with LGBT audiences."
1	It is a haunting elegy for a generation of gay men.
1	"This is a realistic, discreet, yet exploratory film that earns its tears honestly and scrupulously."
1	"All the performances are very good (though one might ask why no one has a regional accent), with stage-trained Smith providing a center of quiet intensity."
1	"This profoundly resonant, smartly understated black-and-white film greatly benefits from more than 30 years worth of sociosexual perspective that reminds us how much has changed, yet how much else has not."
1	A moving cinematic sketch of a HIV-infected man living through the height of the plague.
1	1985 feels like a missing minor classic from the decade that preceded the rise of the so-called New Queer Cinema.
1	"It's a beautifully acted film. In the dark days of the epidemic it would surely have been impossible to make a drama so balanced, so compassionately attuned to everyone's feelings."
1	"Writer-director Yen Tan, expanding a same-subject short film, takes his tale slowly, letting the drama breathe and the cast essay ""being"" rather than ""acting""."
1	"The dark inky frames are full of shadows and dread. Yet the narrative, and Adrian's journey, is always leavened with quiet compassion."
1	A poignant footnote to a monumental crisis.
1	"What really distinguishes the film is that it gets deep inside this broken family without becoming histrionic or accusatory. Tan avoids any hint of sentimentality, concentrating on the pain instead."
1	"Director Dennis Iliadis doesn't overdwell on the existentialism of the concept; he lets emotional beats strobe against the WTF experience of the temporal doubles, peppering the action with distinct images and events to make the repetition stand out."
1	A fleet and frenzied sci-fi tale with more on its mind than alien gate-crashers.
0	"In trying to say everything, ""Plus One"" reveals it doesn't have much to say at all."
0	"The writing/directing debut of Minhal Baig enlists experienced actors but has little idea what to do with them, making a hash of its intended meditation on the compromises required by long-term relationships."
0	"This romantic fantasy works on a conceptual level, but not in execution."
1	"The journey could be a bit more eventful, but the payoff is charming."
0	"Even its wistful tone points toward an opportunity missed; unfortunately, the film doesn't fully explore its big ideas or give its talented cast dialogue to match."
1	A solid woman-in-peril thriller well suited to contemporary paranoiacs.
1	"The premise remains intriguing enough to make ""1BR"" a qualified success, albeit one whose ideas sometimes cry for a more adventuresome and assertive treatment."
1	"All of this boldness pays off-the film's third act might end at an expected place, but 1BR stands out with how it gets there, and the unique horror along the way."
1	"Real-life details culled from ex-members' accounts of life in groups like Scientology and NXIVM give the film an edgy ripped-from-the-headlines quality, as well as reinforcing the sheer L.A. of it all."
1	"There's a light at the end of the tunnel for Sarah, and seeing her claw her way to it is often fun, albeit in a gasp-inducing sort of way."
1	"Drawing on a fascination with cults and utopian communities, the director and co-writer, David Marmor, has created a mildly entertaining survival story whose depiction of psychological indoctrination far outstrips its generic dips into torture."
1	1BR's unique timeline paired with its palpable tension makes for a memorable addition to the horror-movies-about-cults catalog.
1	This innovative study of Nick Cave playfully disguises itself as fiction while more than fulfilling the requirements of a biographical documentary.
1	"There's nothing extraordinary about it, but it's an entertaining curio."
1	"20,000 Days On Earth is elegant and elusive, artfully arranged and visualised by Forsyth and Pollard."
1	"This won't be for everyone, but longtime Cave-men (and women) will be bewitched, along with a fair share of folks drawn in simply by the film's unique investigation into the mind of an artist."
1	The pervasive mood is a brooding hyperawareness of time and the brevity of existence. Sensationalism and salaciousness are minimal.
1	"This is a doc with, among other things, a firm sense of place, and not just your random filmed Q&A with an interesting guy."
1	"We spend one day on Earth with Nick Cave, from dawn til dusk, via family, friends, a recording session and a gig, but it's just a neat device, and much of the film plays out like drama."
1	"Cave knows he's not young anymore, and won't always be able to control his work or how its perceived. Watching him act accordingly is really inspiring."
1	"The results are remarkably intelligent and entertaining, even for someone who (like this writer) finds Cave's music rather dirge-like."
1	"No ordinary rock doc, but nothing particularly special either."
1	It's more than just a screen biography: it's a meditation on an artist's mythology and creative spirit.
1	"20,000 Days On Earth doesn't try to be a journalistic, comprehensive study of its subject -- but with so much texture and atmosphere on tap, it doesn't need to."
1	"I'm not sure it can be considered a documentary at all, at least not all the way through. But ""20,000 Days"" offers an exceptionally intimate portrait of an artist who has sometimes sought to resist explication."
1	Forsyth and Pollard's approach is reverential rather than critical but the film is beautifully shot and its impressionistic approach is a welcome antidote to that of most rock docs.
1	"Certainly for any fan of Cave's, 20,000 Days on Earth makes for a creative, enthralling journey through the man's world."
1	"If Mick Jagger attempted something like this, it would be excruciating."
1	"For me, the talking is great, perhaps more than the music, and there is something a tiny bit narcissistic about the lengthy clips of those live shows."
1	"[Nina Simone] put a spell on him, and now Nick Cave, with his lugubrious sleights of hand, does much the same to us."
1	"Whether or not you love his music, the sheer intelligence and poetry of his lyrics, his hip-swivelling suits, his retro black Jag and achingly cool hair make 20,000 Days on Earth a documentary worth watching."
1	"It's right up there with the best rock documentaries. That is, if you can call it a documentary."
1	"Maybe ""20,000 Days on Earth"" is a vanity film. But maybe Cave has earned the right to be vain."
0	The film is so incessant on bolstering Cave's repute and noble struggle with the art of songwriting that it can't help but seem bloated and self-important.
1	"It's a wondrous mix of the momentous and mundane, the profound and the perverse, with Cave blues-talking his way through the goofy juxtapositions, the darkness, and the light."
1	"For the uninitiated, it offers a demonstration of what is so mesmerizing about this performer, who is by, his own description, ""a kind of ostentatious bastard."""
1	"You might come away wishing he'd remained a bit more enigmatic. Then again, that morose rascal is probably just having us on."
1	"Singular exercise in self-indulgence, introspection and tongue-in-cheekiness by the solemn and magnetic Cave."
1	"You don't just meet and learn about Nick Cave in ""20,000 Days,"" you feel him."
1	"""Something happens onstage,"" Cave says, ""where you forget who you are and become someone else."" As much as any documentary can, 20,000 Days on Earth allows us to bear witness to what goes on in that process."
0	"The title refers to the fact that the day chronicled is ostensibly Cave's 20,000th alive, though the movie is so slowly paced that 20,000 days seems more like the running time."
1	"Near the end of the movie, Cave talks about living in the 'shimmering space' where imagination and reality intersect. He's talking about words and music, but he could be talking about 20,000 Days on Earth."
0	Forsyth and Pollard are visual artists-turned-filmmakers and their fine feel for the romantic possibilities of lighting and composition shape every frame. They're less sensitive to the line that separates drama from pretentiousness.
1	An intelligent and revealing look at one of rock's last true iconoclasts.
1	"A cold, majestic motion picture, a movie that seeks to remind us of the vastness of space and our relatively insignificant place in it."
1	"The film creates its effects essentially out of visuals and music. It is meditative. It does not cater to us, but wants to inspire us, enlarge us."
1	I assumed that this was what all movies ought to be: treasures for moral and aesthetic contemplation that did not provide all their answers on first contact.
0	"The movie is so completely absorbed in its own problems, its use of color and space, its fanatical devotion to science-fiction detail, that its is somewhere between hypnotic and immensely boring."
1	Its triumph lies in its scope of cinematic splendour and the attempt to marry some of man's most beautiful music to the infinite mystery of space.
0	"2001 compares with, but does not best, previous efforts at science fiction."
0	"Now, seen in the actual 2001, it's less a visionary masterpiece than a crackpot Looney Tune, pretentious, abysmally slow, amateurishly acted and, above all, wrong."
1	You can watch 2001 as a visual journey with nary a thought for what's under the surface or you can plunge into this vortex of interpretations. The great thing about 2001 is that either approach works fine. That's why it endures.
1	"Yup, you guessed it -- a religious experience."
0	High marks for Kubrick the special-effects man; but where was Kubrick the director?
1	"It is an extraordinary, obsessive, beautiful work of art."
1	"For all the essential coldness of Kubrick's vision, it demands attention as superior sci-fi, simply because it's more concerned with ideas than with Boy's Own-style pyrotechnics."
1	"The film's projections of the cold war and antiquated product placements may look quaint now, but the poetry is as hard-edged and full of wonder as ever."
1	"It was a freshening attitude then, though its long-term effects haven't been all to the good."
1	"Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is some sort of great film, and an unforgettable endeavor. Technically and imaginatively, what he put into it is staggering."
1	"2001 lingers on the mind like a tall, black riddle: Where are the new bones, the new tools, that will take us higher? Do we even deserve them?"
1	"Though it fails as drama, Stanley Kubrick's venture succeeds as dazzling visual art."
1	"[2001] might be best described as a factual philosophical speculation, rather than as the drama it sets out as but never develops into: and like all good speculations, it leaves the spectator up in the air with a tantalising vision as food for thought."
1	2001 will emerge from its initial long-run Cinerama engagements and subsequent extended runs as one of MGM's all-time box office hits ...
1	Kubrick leaves usual considerations behind with his readiness to imagine a post-human future.
1	Top marks for craftsmanship is an understatement.
1	"Kubrick's spaceships are perhaps little more than Airfix models, but he makes them majestic, even awesome in the proper sense of the word."
1	"I shall go and see it again as soon as possible, for one thing is clear. Man has shrunk space, but Kubrick has expanded the cinema."
0	"A small sphere of intellectuals will feel that Kubrick has said something, simply because one expected him to say something. ... Most moviegoers will only wish that Mr. Kubrick would come back down to earth."
0	"Aa whimsical space operetta, then frantically inflates itself again for a surreal climax in which the imagery is just obscure enough to be annoying, just precise enough to be banal."
0	"Speculation and ambiguity are fine, but it does rather look as if Kubrick and his co-writer, Arthur C. Clarke, just haven't thought it through."
1	"The film is a journey through outer space, but it is also a journey through cinematic space. It conjures the future by making you sit through its vision of the future, spending time just being in it."
1	Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is the picture which science-fiction enthusiasts of every age and in every corner of the world have prayed (sometimes forlornly) that the industry might one day give them.
1	"Now that enough time has elapsed since the release of 2010 for outraged 2001 fans to calm down, it can be seen that, while there was no decisive creative reason for Hyams' sequel to exist, it's not a bad movie."
1	The build-up to this and the initial moments on board are racked with a tension that's superbly handled by Hyams. He maintains the forbidding atmosphere well and his skills as a cinematographer are evident.
0	"A lot of care has gone into it, but it has no satirical substructure to match that of the Kubrick film, and which was eventually responsible for that film's continuing popularity."
1	"A good-looking, sharp-edged, entertaining, exciting space opera."
1	"Hyams' sequel to Kubrick's big daddy of sci-fi movies may not have the novelty of 2001: A Space Odyssey, but it is still a better film than anyone could have dared to expect."
0	A hodge-podge of bits and pieces.
0	"Flash: There is intelligent life in outer space. More, anyway, than in this amiable footnote of a movie."
0	"Andy Lau and Gong Li are appealing leads, but this Chinese-language carbon copy doesn't find a distinctive voice."
0	"This waaay overlong, Mandarin-language remake seems more the result of the kind of marketing-mentality it professes to mock."
0	"Asian superstars Gong Li and Andy Lau spark together, but the script rarely produces fireworks."
0	"The two-hour-and-40-minute 2012 is overstuffed with special-effects, but the Curtis clan's mad dash out of town is the closest the movie gets to actually being fun."
0	"Eye-popping special effects ensure that this movie will be a smash hit, and while it's entertaining for most of its excessive running time, the cheesy script fails to live up to the grandeur of the physical production."
0	"On any level other than as sheer visual sensation, 2012 is a joke, for the simple reason that it has no point of view."
1	Guilty pleasures don't come guiltier than 2012.
0	"For too much of the 2 1/2-hour 2012, the end is not near."
0	"Are we meant to applaud when skyscrapers topple and ships capsize, with tiny digital faceless bodies plummeting into the void? You make the disaster this real and it's not entertaining or chilling."
1	"It's easy to mock throwaway blockbusters like 2012, but as enthralling, mindless entertainment, the film is difficult to fault."
0	"Beware 2012, which works the dubious miracle of almost matching Transformers 2 for sheer, cynical, mind-numbing, time-wasting, money-draining, soul-sucking stupidity."
0	"The effects are expensive-looking and impressive enough while you're watching them, although whatever awe they inspire doesn't last long: When you've seen one Washington Monument fall to bits, you've seen them all."
1	"People talk about ""formula"" almost always as a pejorative, but formulas get to be formulas because they work, and there's something to be said for a formula picture done almost to perfection."
0	"Hollywood's most successful one-trick pony, Emmerich claims to favor ""human stories"" over end-of-the-world spectacle, but watching 2012 is like watching a sausage machine explode."
0	I found myself reaching for a phantom video-game controller to help Our Heroes and Heroine defy certain death.
0	Actors say silly lines with deadly seriousness. Exposition is wielded like a sledgehammer. All you can do is grit your teeth and wait for the next wave of destruction.
0	"A state-of-the-art multiplex three-ring circus whose special effects stagger the senses and play like a video game, whose human drama aims for the cosmic and lands waist-deep in the Big Silly."
0	"Any sentient viewer will be able to predict every lumpy twist of this ludicrous, fitfully enjoyable movie."
1	"(Many) will decry ""2012"" as a plotless, illogical, cliched, demented popcorn flick (because it is), but this is that rare case where the apocalypse, at least in terms of big-budget blown-up spectacle movie-making, is hardly the end of the world."
1	"Sets a goal and slamdunks it, squeezing in so much fun that by the credits, I'd forgotten about Woody Harrelson's turn as a pickle-chomping AM radio meteorological messiah."
0	"Independence Day began a game of landmark-destroying one-upmanship. Here, Emmerich takes the competition global, but the soundtrack's organ-rattling low-end makes a deeper impact than the film's visuals."
0	Perhaps writer-director Roland Emmerich was hoping for a so-bad-it's-good cult status with his latest disaster flick.
0	"If, as is believed in certain fringe circles, the world will come to an end in 2012, at least there will be no more movies like this one made."
1	"I quite enjoyed the experience, at least the first five or six hours of it. 2012 is not simply the last disaster movie you ever need to see. It's the last movie you ever need to see."
0	There are times when 2012 feels as if it is not going to end until 2012...
1	"This is fun. 2012 delivers what it promises, and since no sentient being will buy a ticket expecting anything else, it will be, for its audiences, one of the most satisfactory films of the year."
0	"It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel...like I have a headache."
0	"[Nothing] will give you more respect for how difficult it is to be an actor than watching top talent like John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet and Oliver Platt struggling to treat the film's ungodly language and situations with perfect seriousness."
0	"As always in Emmerich's rollicking Armageddons, the cannon speaks with an expensive bang, while the fodder gets afforded nary a whimper."
0	"This is fear-mongering, sentimental, horror show shtick, but it's also fairly competent, making 2012 a work of awful efficiency"
0	"[J]ust as the cyclones and tsunamis of The Day After Tomorrow ultimately succumbed to a bad case of narrative frostbite, 2012's ludicrous thrills begin burning themselves out by the movie's midpoint."
0	"If the viewer were ever invited to think or feel about what's happening on-screen, the movie's wow-whoa-ain't-it-cool momentum would collapse in a heap of horrific preposterousness."
0	"As you might expect with director Roland Emmerich, the movie isn't a patch on the trailer."
0	"Despite the frenetic action scenes, the movie sags, done in by multiple story lines that undercut one another and by the heaviness of its conceit."
1	"Bigger, louder, crazier and more wildly exhilarating than anything previously attempted."
0	"2012, a near three-hour movie built entirely out of special effects set pieces and join-the-dots characterisation."
1	"The crowning achievement in Emmerich's long, profitable career as a destroyer of worlds."
0	"Emmerich's vision of global huddling and new-dawn optimism has a harebrained naivety you almost want to treasure, but that's this idiot behemoth of a film all over: dim, dim, dim, and so absurdly overscaled that we're not supposed to mind."
0	"2012 is terrible, lazy, Hollywood trash. It is completely unoriginal with no structure, a script akin to having a drill put through your eardrum and a talented ensemble cast who are so obviously going through the motions."
1	Only a movie critic without a sense of humor would question whether you could really drive a limo straight through a collapsing skyscraper...or whether the Dalai Lama really owns a pickup truck.
1	Preposterous? You bet. But 2012 delivers the disaster-movie goods better than any other popcorn movie we've seen since the '80s.
0	This oafish epic about the End of Days -- as predicted by the Mayan calendar -- operates in a dead zone roughly equidistant between parody and idiocy.
0	I could fairly describe the 2012 plot as follows: The highest-paid members of an indifferent cast survive the massive floods and giant fireballs that cause our planet's destruction.
0	"The movie is an undeniable visual spectacle, but just as unequivocally a cheesy, ridiculous story."
1	"Roland Emmerich is an apocalypse chef. In 2012 he cooks America till it boils, adding live meat to the process at judicious intervals."
0	"In between the explosions and quakes you sometimes hear snatches of the script, and then wish you hadn't."
1	"2012 may be the biggest disaster movie ever made, an awesome and ridiculous film that leaves you thrilled beyond the point of your natural endurance."
1	"Even though this movie's running time of two and a half hours is about one hour too long, there's still some pretty cool disaster stuff on the way."
0	"2012 is so long, and its special effects are at once so outrageous and so thunderously predictable, that by the time I lurched from the theatre I felt that three years had actually passed and that the apocalypse was due any second."
1	2012 is reminiscent of yesteryear '80s shlock-tastic blockbusters -- total popcorn entertainment with ridiculous dialogue and impossible situations and special effects that will boggle the brain for a good two-+ hours.
1	2012 is the rare case of a bad film that I'm nevertheless obliged to recommend you see.
1	"Cusack, with his one-of-the-guys face and his nice way with child actors, does creditable work as an Average American Dad trying to put things right."
0	
0	
1	"While it's highly unlikely that anyone predisposed to championing Obama would be won over by the sound and fury here, there's no gainsaying the value of 2016 as a sort of Cliffs Notes precis of the conservative case against [Obama]."
0	"Not interviewed by the filmmakers are Obama's political supporters, but this isn't that kind of documentary."
1	An exercise in preaching to the choir.
0	"The film asks the question ""If Obama wins a second term, where will we be in 2016?,"" then posits some disturbing answers. Disturbing, but dubious."
0	"The film is not after new insight; rather, it's intent on laying out the arguments of a man who has given the same lecture countless times. That makes for a sluggish film. Even its outrage falls flat."
0	"Presented as a conspiracy-thriller with ominous music and zig-zaggy camerawork, ""2016"" hammers at suspicions, not issues -- a dishonorable tactic whether from the right or the left."
0	A nonsensically unsubstantiated act of character assassination.
0	D'Souza's demented anti-Obama crusade feels personal more than political.
0	"The film is a sleepy dud, a polemic that, like D'Souza himself, is at once both outrageous and deeply boring."
0	"The movie seems destined to irritate the president's supporters while mobilizing his detractors, even as it is doomed to win precious few converts. It's a textbook example of preaching to the choir."
0	"No one doubts that the country faces major challenges in the next four years, but there is one safe bet: The future is unlikely to be affected by this simplistic documentary."
0	Viewers may do some headscratching. This can be a very strange movie.
0	"Every anti-Obama argument D'Souza makes from the right could be made, more forcefully, from the left."
0	"""2050"" has a meaningful subject, but is so dialogue-heavy and incident-light that almost the entire film feels like a pitch for the movie Holt didn't make."
0	20 Centimeters is a flaccid bore.
0	"Director (Ramon) Salazar is no Pedro Almodvar, try as he might."
0	"Size plays a major role in this brash, vivacious concoction of dark comedy, light drama and musical performance."
1	"Director Ramn Salazar, in only his second feature, distinguishes himself from others who so less effectively bend genres, and genders."
0	"Here's yet another self-consciously 'Almodvarian' confection, studded with small odes to the glory of self-creation."
1	"Showing a stylistic bravura and confidence rare among upcoming Spanish helmers, Ramon Salazar's campy 20 Centimeters is a self-regarding but vastly entertaining sophomore effort."
0	"There's not much to savor in the way of plot, and the film aimlessly wanders through Marietta's life."
1	Twenty Feet From Stardom wages a compelling crusade to get background singers some long-overdue recognition.
1	"Between the welcome anecdotes, the wealth of archival footage, the well-polished production values and an inevitably remarkable soundtrack spanning the greatest decades of American rock and soul, Stardom mostly hits the right notes."
1	You gasp at the ecstatic convergence of lung power and spirit.
1	"An exquisitely rendered look at the dialectics of celebrity and artistry, luck and hard work, its conversation laced with smart observations about race and gender."
1	[Neville] nails the sense of joie de vivre these extraordinary artists put into every note-a tribute to doing it for the love of the expression over stardom that provides incalculable amounts of inspiration.
1	"Their voices are powerful enough to tear you apart and put you back together again, and their stories will do the same."
1	"This generous, fascinating documentary about the careers of backup singers, most of them African-American women, seeks to rewrite the history of pop music by focusing attention on voices at once marginal and vital."
1	"They perform with world-famous musical acts, but theirs are not household names. Their stories, however, are inspiring, heartbreaking and enthralling."
1	"Why should you see a documentary about backup singers? One look at the electrifying 20 Feet From Stardom and you'll have the answer, that is, after you stop cheering."
1	"More than a tribute, the film is a recognition of the talent and sacrifice that many of these vocalists have invested in often challenging careers."
1	Neville doesn't dwell unduly on the vicissitudes of fame; he's more concerned with celebrating his subjects' accomplishments and giving them a(nother) chance through new recordings on which they sing both backup and lead.
1	I have rarely seen a movie that better expressed the revivifying nature of music.
1	"In a film that's often sad but not without its triumphs, director Morgan Neville smartly explores the complex role that ego and self-promotion play in this profession."
1	"When any one of these women steps up to the microphone - well, they really soar. And they carry us along with them."
1	"20 Feet from Stardom has it all -- electric, revelatory stories, engaging personalities, and a gusto that takes you higher and higher."
1	"An engaging look at the nexus of art and commerce, talent and hard work. It's a story of standing out and blending in, sometimes at the same time."
1	A film that may be the happiest time you'll have at the movies all summer.
1	"This film festival favorite is a genuine crowd pleaser, meant to right a few wrongs in the music industry, offer a window into the lives of some hard-charging entertainers, and above all make audiences leave the theater humming a song."
1	"This illuminating documentary looks into a small corner of the music industry to find deeper truths about talent, artistry and success."
1	"Loaded with stirring anecdotes and even richer music, Twenty Feet also makes for a fascinating study in ego sublimation."
1	"This spirited, thoughtful look at unheralded but ubiquitous artists gives supreme credit where credit is due."
1	"For once, the spotlight shines on these brilliant women who spent most of their careers on the outskirts of fame with minimal fortune to show for their efforts."
1	"Music documentarian Morgan Neville uses a mix of live interviews and archival footage to let the singers, and their music, tell their stories of vocal triumph and thwarted ambition."
1	"You know all those doo-doo-doos and whoa-whoas-whoas you hear in pop hits? Without them, supplied by the likes of Darlene Love and Merry Clayton, you likely wouldn't be singing along to the songs you hear on your car radio."
1	You may never hear the Rolling Stones's Gimme Shelter the same way again after hearing Jagger's and Clayton's separate accounts of the recording of the song.
1	"The enthusiasm and love of music on display is just unavoidable. ""20 Feet"" may not get the whole story, but it gets some good ones."
1	"The movie takes its cues from Standing in the Shadows of Motown, another act of pop-culture revisionism that tried to give musical credit where it was due."
1	Just about everything in this movie is right. And anybody who gives a rip about unsung heroines of popular music and giving credit when credit's overdue had better come up with a good excuse not to see it.
1	"As long as you're hearing the singing and stories of Lisa Fischer, Merry Clayton, and the great Darlene Love, you can bliss out on their passion."
1	"It's that versatility that defines these singers, the ability to make following seem as important as leading."
1	"The documentary tells similarly poignant stories in a fast-paced 91 minutes through interviews, contemporary concert footage and great archival stuff."
1	"Such a great idea for a documentary, and such a surprise to realise that it has never been done before."
1	"This is a musical field of dreams high in corn, but also, sometimes, in the epiphanic empowerment and wonder of stardom conferred."
1	A warm and fitting tribute to talented singers.
1	"20 Feet from Stardom, this year's Oscar-winner for Best Documentary, is both rousing, upbeat fare... and a film steeped in a strange sense of yearning and regret."
1	An enjoyable arts feature with its heart in the right place ...
1	"Artists including Mick Jagger talk about their backing singers -- and the soundtrack is, of course, heavenly."
0	"Attractive and capably acted but oddly airless, the drama is a downer without offering much reward for our time."
1	Compelling if difficult viewing for anyone interested in seeing a variety of parental experiences on screen.
1	"The movie suffers from its fussy narrative structure, with serial flashbacks and one perplexing flash-forward, but Anna Margaret Hollyman drives the story with a smart, layered performance as the expectant mother."
0	"""20th Century Women"" is an endless chain of anecdotes, and though many individual moments are winning, the movie as a whole is rudderless. It never achieves an emotional power surge."
1	"The sheer likability of these lived-in characters is a powerful magnet, thanks to insightful writing and a note-perfect ensemble anchored by a never-better Annette Bening ..."
1	"The result is much more complex and exploratory than Beginners which, for all its charm, felt a little thin."
1	"Less twee and more textured than Beginners, this is the film that Mike Mills was put on this planet to make."
1	"When 20th Century Women concerns itself with the utterly human question of personal satisfaction, it's huggable: the kind of movie you wish more directors had the courage to grab for."
1	"The movie belongs wholeheartedly to Bening, and to the age, come and gone, that she enshrines."
1	"Mills - who last gave the semi-autobiographical treatment to his dad in ""Beginners"" - draws on strong memories and a rich imagination to recreate Santa Barbara circa 1979 and its denizens."
1	"20th Century Women is irreducible ... although certain adjectives and adverbs do leap to mind: generous, reflective, absolutely delightful."
1	"20th Century Women proves that Mike Mills is the real deal, that his previous success story was not a fluke but the announcement of an exciting new voice."
1	"Plotwise, Women is a wisp; as a mood piece, though, it's almost irresistibly rich."
1	"Detail-packed but never dull, with dialogue that absolutely sings and characters we want to stay with forever, it's the kind of work that begs revisiting, like a favorite collection of short stories."
1	"[Mills is] good with actors, and with Bening especially, he's really keyed into her prodigious gifts."
1	The most pleasurable aspect of 20th Century Women (and it's pleasurable throughout) is that it allows itself to be messy.
1	"A bracing, invigorating gulp of cinematic oxygen."
1	"Love and loss go hand in hand in ""20th Century Women,"" a funny, emotionally piercing story about a teenager and the women who raise him."
1	"Despite being set in the late 1970s, ""20th Century Women"" feels like the perfect movie for this moment."
1	A simply glorious Annette Bening (the Academy needs to that Best Actress nomination happen) leads a stellar cast in Mike Mills' semiautobiographical story about a bohemian women raising a teen in the age of 1970's feminism and punk rock.
0	"Despite the movie's title and Bening's central role, women are oddly peripheral."
1	20th Century Women is something special.
1	"A thoughtful and detailed evocation of an era and especially of one complicated character, with little story to speak of."
1	"If 20th Century Women is as wistful and pleasant as an ocean breeze, its message also dissipates about as quickly as the sand between your toes."
1	"""20th Century Women"" doesn't get unduly hung up on plot, or even with the usual forward motion of a coming-of-age narrative. It's a group portrait of a makeshift family."
1	A fiercely inquisitive performance from Annette Bening buoys this otherwise pedestrian indie drama by writer-director Mike Mills.
1	"There's not a single false, ""actor-y"" note in Bening's work. It is a master class in nuanced acting, and it is deserving of an Academy Award."
1	Bening's characters are always as comfortable as Dorothea's abode; we never see or feel the exertion behind the acting.
1	"20th Century Women will likely mean more to anyone old enough to have experienced the '70s, but the movie's big draw is Bening."
1	"As a celebration of personal and social history, ""20th Century Women"" takes the audience back. But it also lifts us up on a wave of openhearted emotion and keen intelligence. It bursts with the sad, messy, ungovernable beauty of life."
1	"Every time the story is on a knife edge and can drop deeper into turmoil or recede back to the normal flows and ebbs of life, Mills chooses the latter. But this time, the strategy works. It feels real."
1	"If you're looking for the big plot twist, the dramatic breakdown, the heroic action or some other revelation, you won't find it here. Instead we see a woman working through her life, albeit in unconventional ways."
1	"It breathes with the open-ended friendliness of a '70s film - vintage Jonathan Demme, perhaps."
1	"The most surprising part of the movie is how well Mills writes his three women, and how accurately he pinpoints their very distinct anxieties."
1	"If the small domestic drama established in this rich period setting proves satisfyingly emotional, it is because the characters are acutely well observed, both by Mills's script and by his excellent cast."
1	"The drama of Mike Mills' ""20th Century Women"" takes place in Annette Bening's masterful pauses."
1	"""20th Century Women"" takes a while to kick in but eventually finds its groove."
1	"The film is well worth a look, if just for the performances; just know going in that director Mills calls upon his cast and script to do most of the heavy lifting."
1	It's a credit to Mills that he makes it feel like he's making the Earth move even when he's just capturing a snapshot in time.
0	"Mills's world is certainly not devoid of pain, but it's leached of bitterness, leached of conflict, leached of aggression, leached of hostility; the pain and the trauma are leached of consequence."
1	"Mills' perspective on formative relationships is absorbing, and he seems like a great guy."
1	You won't see any other film this year that tries as hard to get under the skin of its characters as Mike Mills' 20th Century Women. That's both its glory and what makes it sometimes such a trial.
0	"Exasperatingly supercilious and smug - unfocused, self-consciously cute, nostalgic and empathetic, but never properly funny. It feels like someone else's long therapy session."
1	"Eras and generations mingle productively in this film. It's a social-historical mural that exists in flexitime, where America the Beautiful is an eternal and unassailable dream."
1	"There are louder films jostling for attention out there. This one is the secret treasure of the season, though - crafted with tender precision, and built to last."
1	It's a nice film with some great moments but Mills' touch is too tentative to make all that talk buzz and hum as resonantly as it should.
0	Unwatchable even by the subterranean standards of a direct-to-video Nicolas Cage thriller... 211 is the kind of low-grade schlock that leaves you with a newfound respect for the basic competence that most bad movies bring to the table.
0	It's probably foolish to wish that Nicolas Cage would once again make movies as good as Adaptation and Leaving Las Vegas. But is it too much to ask that he go back to the comparative glory days of Con Air and The Rock?
0	"Unsurprisingly, the director doesn't get very good work from a cast asked primarily to ramp up the intensity on stereotypes."
0	"Even the subset of Nicolas Cage fans who like it when the actor makes laughably terrible movies will have trouble sitting through ""211""..."
0	"A muddled, overcrowded, trigger-happy heist movie brimming with clichs while constantly trying our patience."
0	A cavalcade of crap. Loud crap.
0	"Despite a high body count and the expenditure of extraordinary amounts of ammunition, 211 is inert."
1	"Two/One escapes the pretentious tone it might have carried thanks to the self-assured way he grounds characters in the vivid, precise, beautifully shot details of their lives."
0	"The rare example of an exceptionally well-made film, from an undeniably talented filmmaker, in which everything works beautifully except the central premise, which doesn't work at all."
1	"It's a beautifully composed, enigmatic movie with a high-concept plot about two men on either side of the planet who are mysteriously connected by midlife despair and existential emptiness."
0	"Nowhere to go, nothing to say. Just a cute narrative concept that ultimately eats itself."
1	A raucous boys' night comedy that goes for the outrageous and hits it often enough.
0	21 and Over is pretty much for people with an IQ of 21 and under.
0	"A cynical college-age ""Hangover"" redo with far, far fewer fully developed characters or inventive adventures. (And that's saying something.)"
0	"Bleech. Tasteless. Even worse, unfunny."
0	"You can't hate 21 & Over, and you can't laugh at it. The most you can do is just pity it for not being as outrageous as it thinks it is. And as any guy will tell you, being pitied is the ultimate humiliation."
0	"An alcohol-fueled journey that becomes progressively more farfetched and, as the film's run time ticks on, increasingly unwatchable."
1	"Writer-directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore find a nice balance between the over-the-top high jinks and an emotional core, which unexpectedly crystallizes relatively late in the movie."
1	"This play-it-safe debut delivers, but doesn't exactly surprise, proving Lucas and Moore like their protagonists wasted, but not their opportunities."
0	...condenses the familiarity of so many other party-hearty romps into 93 harried minutes.
0	"21 & Over seems particularly redundant, since a film already exists that's exactly like The Hangover, only not as good: It was called The Hangover Part II."
1	"While comparisons to ''The Hangover'' are inevitable, ''21 & Over'' is actually reminiscent of a different and specific kind of movie: the early Vince Vaughn-Jon Favreau romp."
0	These guys get into more trouble in one night than members of this film's target audience will encounter in their entire college lives.
0	"All, or at least some, might be forgiven if there were just one likable character or memorable joke."
0	"Among the ingredients ""21"" is missing: the infectiously random silliness of a Zach Galifianakis, the smug hunkiness of a Bradley Cooper, and any sort of Vegas-y gloss whatsoever."
1	"21 & Over powers along with a winning Abercrombie bonhomie, IE naked guys and racism. Hilarious racism."
1	21 & Over provides lots of fun while the beer flows. Too bad the R.A. felt like he had to come in and ask everyone about their major.
0	Lucas and Moore don't bother to come up with a single funny joke. Instead they apparently hope that combining racist and sexist insults with unfocused mayhem will be diversion enough.
0	Everything is done to excess with the needle on the gross-out meter buried in the red.
0	This is comedy on a familiar train where every stop is reassuringly predictable.
0	"I don't think I've ever seen someone ralph in super-slo-mo while riding a mechanical bull before, so kudos for originality there, I guess."
1	One of those brashly formulaic all-night-long youth-party flicks that's redeemed by the speed and personality of the actors.
0	"In the end, 21 and Over is more exhausting - and exhausted - than funny or wild."
0	Dire.
0	In the 21st century the only intelligent people who can be pardoned for questioning evolution are those watching films such as 21 and Over.
0	"Miles Teller certainly has a way with a wisecrack. But otherwise, file next to Broken Lizard's execrable Beerfest."
1	"If we must have three horny fools getting their rocks off during a wild all-nighter prefabricated for cult appeal, at least it's these three, whose combined bonhomie could get just about any party started."
0	"The final implication that this is how you grow up and find yourself makes one fear for the future of US youth. And, indeed, America itself."
1	"This movie knocks you out with an astonishing blend of hyper-realism, visual complexity and powerful themes."
1	"A sad movie about the irony of inescapable destiny, it left me captivated and trembling."
1	"You won't come out unaffected, because the depths of intimacy that the Mexican director Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu plumbs here are so rarely touched by filmmakers that 21 Grams is tantamount to the discovery of a new country."
1	"It's a startlingly crafted movie, with several extraordinary performances."
1	"This film has great performances all around, especially from Naomi Watts in maybe her best role yet."
1	"Watts, who has the most difficult scenes, is splendidly mercurial; what's surprising is that those professional storm clouds Penn and Del Toro are here as powerfully restrained as she is electrifying."
1	It's one of those motion pictures that haunts your thoughts and won't let go.
1	"Unstintingly explores and exposes excruciating pain, raw grief, ruinous vengeance and life-affirming resilience, creating human portraits that are uncommonly exhilarating in their honesty."
1	"Watts, Penn and Del Toro have all been brilliant before, and if we're lucky, they will all be brilliant again. But to watch these three -- working alone and in tandem -- is to experience the strange, at times frightening alchemy of screen acting."
1	You won't see more explosive acting this year.
1	"The three leads are superb, as are Melissa Leo and Charlotte Gainsbourg in supporting roles."
1	A good movie which just misses being great.
1	"Using the structure of Amores Perros, Inarritu takes his complex tale of hope and redemption and breaks it into a mosaic of emotional tiles that add up to more than the whole."
1	"The title refers to the weight -- perhaps the soul -- the body is said to lose at the precise moment of death. But 21 Grams has no shortage of soul, wit or intelligence."
1	"Watching Penn and Del Toro (and, to a lesser extent, the actually young and actually beautiful Watts) navigate the recesses of these damaged, ambivalent characters ... is pretty much worth the price of admission."
1	"This may be the most brilliantly made movie of the year. But you don't enjoy 21 Grams, you recover from it."
1	Boasts so many moments of sublime acting that it's hard to know where to start.
0	Confounded my high expectations by being much too depressing for my taste.
1	"Blessed with one of the strongest casts of any American movie this year, this bravura film, with its radical structure, is full of risk and reward."
0	"If not for its show-offy back-and- forthing of time, the movie would be a banal, pointlessly depressing exercise."
1	"Tough, smart, relentless, provocative and, above all, serious."
1	"Watching it is a wrenching experience; the usual layers of distance between actors and audience are stripped away, and we not only watch their anguish, but become part of it."
1	"Inarritu and Arriaga's first English-language film doesn't approach the brilliance of Amores Perros, but it succeeds on a more modest scale."
1	"It grips us, moves us, astonishes us."
0	"A capital-M movie, and the most flagrant kind: Heavy emotion, heavy style, and lite philosophy converge and choke us with meaning."
1	"This is cinematic storytelling of a very high order, and the clear work of a moviemaker who has almost instantly established himself as a force to be reckoned with."
1	"Though not depressing, because nothing this good is, the film is haunting -- a walk on the razor's edge between life and death."
0	Is the strategy to make you work so hard to determine where you are in the timeline that you overlook what a dreary and conventional little soap opera this is?
1	"The performances, the way Inarritu deconstructs and reconstructs the narrative, the grainy, gritty feel and look, all lead to the rare sort of experience that only a truly great film can offer."
1	This is a mesmerizing film that is the work of genius.
1	"Every year needs a challenging masterwork, a movie that defies filmmaking convention and leaves an indelible mark on the collective psyche."
1	"One of the most riveting and moving experiences of the year, a movie of aching soulfulness and transforming power."
1	Challenges and provokes in unexpected ways.
1	"[An]uncommonly ambitious, superbly acted, frustratingly flawed drama."
1	Establishes [Inarritu] as a major cinematic force.
1	You won't soon forget the world that Gonzalez Inarritu creates.
1	Fascinating because of the way the story is told -- and because of the existential issues that it forces you to consider.
0	"A bleak, rather obvious melodrama disguised by a tricksy, time-splicing structure."
1	21 Grams soars into the chilly empyrean of first-class film-making by virtue of the most traditional of values: sympathetic characters and clever plotting.
1	"The helmers make slick use of their new live-action collaborators. Considering that hardly anyone was asking for a 21 Jump Street reboot, they've put their own playful stamp on it."
1	Co-directors Lord and Miller keep the comic pace humming along agreeably with the same sort of animated energy they provided for those raining meatballs.
1	"It has a bad, slapstick first act but by midpoint becomes strangely compelling, tapping into the fantasy of reliving one's high-school years (which did a number on us all) and getting it right."
1	"Thanks to charming leads and a smattering of laughs, this is still worth a punt for fans of light buddy comedies."
1	"Rather than treat the late-'80s source material as holy kitsch, the filmmakers have reconceived this tale of illegal narcotics and arrested adolescence as a viciously satirical, unapologetically crude buddy comedy."
1	"This is not a property requiring respect and devotion to the source material to satisfy longtime fans, so the filmmakers wisely make a ""21 Jump Street"" all their own."
1	"Though these mismatched cops bounce well off each other, Tatum, in his first comedic lead role, is the better performer, both more riotous and affecting."
1	"Not everything... works, and if you're actually looking for a consequential night at the movies you might want to stay away, but for a goofy fun Friday night this gets the job done."
1	What makes 21 Jump Street so funny and exciting and lovable is all the stuff you don't see coming.
1	"What was the last stupid Hollywood comedy -- good-stupid, not stupid-stupid -- to offer actual, audible, verifiable big laughs?"
1	It's part homage and part wink at the past. It jokes about high school but is also a sensitive sociological study of those crucial years. It bridges slapstick and action. It's quick-witted with its pop references.
1	"Directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller get nearly everything -- the tone, the self-referential nods to the show and the dead-solid-perfect surprises -- just right."
0	"Yes, there are laughs to be had here, but I wonder whether it might be more amusing to watch episodes of the old TV show."
1	"I didn't think we needed a '21 Jump Street,' but it's actually kind of funny."
1	Miller and Lord clearly understand the push-and-pull and hyper-competitiveness that make guy friendships both complex and stupid.
1	"It's that rare comedy that's funny throughout, with a hilarious story that hinges on the unlikely pairing of Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum."
0	"The basic premise -- that these two are supposed to be high school age and siblings -- is funny, but the joke, as is true of many others in this movie, is replayed way too often."
1	"21 Jump Street makes a virtue of low expectations, like an underachieving high school burnout coasting on his modest reserves of charm."
1	"This cheerfully chaotic, gleefully vulgar action-comedy retread of the old television series has box-office success written all over it, and where's the harm? It's irresistibly funny until it isn't."
1	"In its outrageous way, 21 Jump Street has real laughs."
1	"It was inevitable that one of Hollywood's many recent reboots would eventually attain sentience. Hence the arrival of 21 Jump Street, a film that not only knows it's a remake, but knows how absurd it has to be to succeed as a remake."
1	"Neither man has had a better foil. They are literally and figuratively trying to bring something out of each other, and they do."
1	"This film is even better if you come in with no spoilers and low expectations, so we will build it up no more."
1	This potty-mouthed and drug-laced reimagining of the 1980s TV show has one of the highest laughs-per-minute ratios since the Naked Gun films.
1	Tatum and Hill steamroller any misgivings right from the start. They take a comedy connection that seemed doomed to fail - pairing Tatum's hunky command with Hill's nerdy neediness - and make it look like the most natural thing in the world.
0	"Much of the humor involves trotting out cliches from cop movies and teen movies, then commenting on how dumb they are."
1	"21 Jump Street earns my genial nod because of its limber, 120-IQ take on the whole notion of movie revivals."
1	"The makers of 21 Jump Street clearly understood that almost nobody really wanted a 21 Jump Street movie, and they've cleverly used a familiar property as a way to get a wildly entertaining new comedy made."
1	"Big surprise: The sometimes chaotic ""Jump Street"" is a lot of ridic fun, as the kids say, turning predictability on its head."
1	"The saving grace of ""21 Jump Street,"" co-written and produced by Hill, is its obvious affection for teen genres, and for teenagers."
1	"Even if you think you've graduated from genital jokes and violent slapstick, the laughing gas around ""21 Jump Street"" may get you hooked."
1	One of the freshest mainstream comedies in years.
1	"The film makes high school comedy feel young again: considering its stars are in their late 20s and early 30s, that's no mean feat."
1	"Completely abandoning earnest teenagers-in-crisis melodrama in favor of crude, aggressive comedy, this ""21 Jump Street"" is an example of how formula-driven entertainment can succeed."
1	"It's mostly another raunchy buddy comedy - albeit one with welcome comic discipline, more focused on maintaining pitch than continually lowering the bar on gross-out jokes."
1	"Less an adaptation than an ""adaptation"" that delights in highlighting the ridiculous cliches and tropes it lampoons."
1	"Here's the last movie I was expecting with this title. In other words, ""21 Jump Street"" is pretty good."
1	"The whole crew makes clear its affections for action cinema, trashy television and the YouTube generation alike while having fun at the expense of all three."
1	"A raucous, raunchy comedy."
1	This bracing new take on 21 Jump Street has a playful spark all its own. It's a blast.
0	"A try-anything, fitfully amusing muddle that wears its mocking cynicism a bit too proudly."
1	"""21"" makes clear from the beginning it is gobbling up some pop culture refuse in the name of nothing more than making fun of it and having fun with it."
1	This is the funniest movie I've seen in more than a year.
1	"""21 Jump Street"" might be yet another product of Hollywood's recycling program, but it deserves to be noticed."
1	"The late-eighties TV series is rebooted with jolts of sentiment, personal discovery, and wild comedy."
0	[Plays] more like a distended awards show package than a proper documentary ...
1	"The luminaries in ""21"" pay deserving tribute to Mr. Linklater. Soon, perhaps, so will the Academy."
0	"""21 Years: Richard Linklater"" makes for a disappointingly hollow hagiography: gushy, superficial and strangely overdue - arriving significantly later than its title prescribes."
1	"There are great clips and good insight, and it's all as loose and cool as an Austin night out."
1	"There's a certain satisfaction in a rundown of a career as rich and varied as Linklater's, not unlike the pleasure of watching a well-edited Oscar tribute reel."
0	An amiable but wholly unnecessary movie that plays like a feature-length version of those reels one watches while eating rubbery chicken at a banquet honoring a much-loved artist.
0	"Feels slapped together, something you'd see at an awards dinner, save for the dippy cartoon segments, which considering the subject's creative use of animation (""A Scanner Darkly""), undercut every anecdotal stab at thoughtful analysis."
0	"With a movie like this, it's hard to tell where the good idea ran out, as it seems to have been lost many drafts ago."
0	"When the chief baddie both stutters and slaughters puppies, you know you're in trouble."
0	"A generic, derivative gangster yarn."
1	"Its many memorable characters, adrenalin-charged action sequences and heart-stopping car chases make for a guilty pleasure."
1	"'22 July' offers few surprises, and even fewer opportunities for Paul Greengrass to flex his filmmaking muscles."
1	"Greengrass' docu-real aesthetic doesn't allow for grandiosity even when he gives in to more heavy-handed impulses. He's on a soapbox at times, but his message is worth hearing."
1	22 July is a brave and careful film.
1	"A sharp, scouring work of moral seriousness from Greengrass."
1	"It's both a pulse-pounding depiction of the deadly attacks that shook Norway in 2011 and a sober investigation of the aftermath, evolving into a gripping courtroom drama and a tremendously emotional personal account of one family's struggle to move on."
1	"It's intelligently stern, storm-gray filmmaking, as we've come to expect from Greengrass; if it feels a bit mechanical as well, perhaps this is a near-impossible story to film with both tact and soul."
1	"Small, vicious moments...define a film that's admirably lacking in histrionics. Its restraint makes the courtroom climax hit even harder."
1	[A] violent and harrowing film...
0	Greengrass puts his audience through the ringer for little reason other than to prove he can effectively dramatize such a horrible event.
1	"This might be the first Greengrass movie that doesn't just make you flinch, it makes you cry."
1	"This is a heartfelt piece of work from Greengrass, but the blaze of passion is missing."
1	"It is a subtle, multi-layered and very affecting drama that confronts the darkest episode in recent Norwegian history but still manages to strike a redemptive note."
1	"Greengrass gives ""22 July"" everything he's got. The filmmaking is vigorous, with a constantly moving and sometimes jittery camera, and the social purpose is worthy and unmistakably sincere."
1	"With tenderness and toughness, Greengrass has made a great film about a terrible act."
1	"22 July is at its most engrossing and moving in its depiction of one brave kid, a victim of Breivik who was shot five times and lived, and that kid's eventual resolve to face the terrorist in court."
0	What does Greengrass hope to achieve with a film like this?
1	"22 July is exceptionally choreographed and tough to sit through, but it also leaves an uneasy, bitter aftertaste..."
1	"It's likely only a filmmaker of Greengrass' experience and stature could have gotten it made at all, let alone so successfully."
1	The result is that what starts out harrowing ends up affirming a portrait of a country that unites to make the tragedy of 22 July count for something - the strength of their national character.
1	"Greengrass has once again composed a gripping, sometimes unbearably stressful re-creation of horror, so true to life that the ""why"" of it all is just as inscrutable as life itself."
1	"Greengrass previously excelled at depicting events that overwhelmed individuals; in ""22 July,"" he demonstrates how one deluded zealot can shake an entire country."
1	22 July is so good it hurts.
0	"The film is about atmosphere and anger, and Greengrass achieves that effect through tight focus on individuals. But the result is imperfect, because it elides crucial elements of the whole story."
1	"Paul Greengrass' gritty, live-wire directing style is something of a trademark, and it's put to efficient use in 22 July, a layered, dense look at the savage terrorist attack that rocked Norway on that date in 2011."
1	Director Paul Greengrass' latest docudrama re-enacts the 2011 massacre in Norway with chilling accuracy - but stumbles when revisiting the details of the aftermath.
0	"Fiction that hews close to fact, the movie is serious and meticulous, yet hollow."
0	What a perverse niche Paul Greengrass has carved out for himself.
0	"It gives this evil man the spotlight and platform he so clearly craves. And as much as Greengrass is aware of this conundrum, he never quite figures out a solution."
1	"If 22 isn't as trim and tight as its predecessor, it's certainly smarter and more heartfelt. Whether this sequel is better than the original is up for debate, but the franchise has definitely grown up."
1	"For once, cranking out a play-it-safe sequel yields something satisfying."
1	There's enough goodwill to balance out the clunky bits.
1	"Sticks snugly to the prior film's winning formula, mining the resultant doublings and repetitions for maximum absurdist hilarity."
1	"Tatum is, predictably, adorable. His Jenko is a pumped-up naif bumbling through life with a crooked smile, and Hill again makes a great sparring partner."
1	"For all its self-reflexive jokes, 22 Jump Street is a very traditional affair that offers audiences the same pleasures as Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello or even Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin films."
1	[Lord and Miller] are fast becoming the handiest duo to share a viewfinder since the Coen brothers.
1	Lord and Miller have their cake and eat it. Again. Will they now go for the threepeat?
1	A movie that made me feel guilty for laughing quite so much.
1	"Tatum and Hill are just a really great double act, as different and thus well matched as Laurel and Hardy, complementing each other perfectly."
1	"...this will be the most ""meta"" movie ever made..."
1	"Hill and Tatum make a classic and highly successful comedy team, balancing a series of amiable running gags and the most familiar kind of slapstick."
1	Hill and Tatum ... have a Laurel-and-Hardy-like implausible chemistry that keeps you laughing pretty much no matter what they're doing.
0	"What's the difference between ""21 Jump Street"" and ""22 Jump Street""? Same as the difference between getting a 21 and a 22 at blackjack."
1	"""22 Jump Street"" realizes its main goal is to be ridiculously fun and that to do so it must be utterly ridiculous, as well as in on the joke."
1	This is the ultimate meta movie. The repetition is exactly the point.
1	Hill's neurotic-motormouth act and Tatum's lovable-lunkhead shtick still shoot giddy sparks.
1	"This sequel's spoof of its predecessor's riff on the original 1980s-era buddy-cop TV show coalesces into a raucous, raunchy, irreverent, imperfect riot."
1	"Lord and Miller are on a roll, and there may be no better moviemakers at playing to our modern need for irony - at giving us the entertainment we crave while acknowledging our distrust of it."
1	"If it seemed Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill couldn't possibly exceed their over-the-top buddy cop antics of 21 Jump Street, you lost that bet."
1	What separates 22 Jump Street from sequel mediocrity is that everyone's in on the joke.
1	Remember that feeling when you realized The Hangover II was A sequel that has as many laughs as a Texas spring has tornadoes.
1	"Like its stars, ""Jump Street"" gets extra credit for getting by on charm while sticking to the rules."
1	"It doesn't have the pleasant surprise factor of the first film, but it's actually even better."
1	"Enjoyably light on its feet, even when it's self-consciously treading old ground."
1	"It works well enough, more often than not, though heightened levels of raunch and chaos seem not so much meta as frantic."
0	"22 Jump Street may be the most arbitrary sequel since Bad Boys II. If it's not the worst, that's strictly because of Channing Tatum."
0	The movie is crammed with jokes about how bad sequels are. And guess what? Exactly.
1	"An exploding pinata of gags, pratfalls, winking asides, throwaway one-liners and self-reflexive waggery."
1	"""22 Jump Street"" is exactly what comedy is today. It's coarse, free-flowing and playful."
1	"A self-aware sequel has to hop over hurdles to keep from swallowing its own tail, but the sharp writing and tag-team antics lift ""22 Jump Street"" to a high level."
1	"22 Jump Street is damn funny, sometimes outrageously so. It laughs at its own dumb logic and invites us in on the fun."
1	"A brazen sequel that's both slightly disappointing and a reliable, often riotous ""laffer"" in the old Variety trade-magazine parlance."
0	"Nearly two hours of rationalizing repetition, even by winking at it, can get wearying."
1	"Ironically, 22 Jump Street is kept together by the formula it ceaselessly mocks."
1	"What makes it all work is the chemistry between Hill and Tatum, which in turn, of course, is a rich source of the film's humor."
1	A genial class clown of a movie.
1	"Self-referential irony is hardly a new gimmick, having served as the underlying premise for such franchises as Scream and Austin Powers, but rarely has it been indulged with such fervor."
1	Phil Lord and Christopher Miller's second-best film of the year (behind The Lego Movie).
1	Filmmakers Phil Lord and Chris Miller (who are themselves impressive partners at this point) know enough not to mess with a successful formula.
0	"22 Jump Street has the same writers and directors as the first film. But it's not smart this time as much as it is clever, and that cleverness tips into spottiness and cynical self-congratulation."
1	"Jump Street knows you know about the predictability and cheapness of sequels and rip-offs -- and in this case, to avoid the downfalls of other summer comedy sagas, embracing that problem might have been the best move for this absurd, unique franchise."
1	"Though I enjoyed enormously this latest offering in the rebooted Jump franchise, it's the effortless, unexpected bromance/partnership between the two unlikely undercover cops is what makes this franchise work."
1	"There's something going on at the edges of the frame in practically every scene of 22 Jump Street, a testament to the care and attention to detail directors Lord and Miller bring to this potentially silly material."
1	"They get to poke fun at sequels and simultaneously make sequel money, which is a great frigging gig if you ask me."
1	"It takes the homoerotic energy bubbling under the surface of buddy action pictures and raises it into the sunlight, where it can flex its pecs and growl."
1	That Stoner No. 3 from Knocked Up and the tank top from Step Up have become Hollywood's freshest comedy duo is impressive.
0	"At what point is sarcasm just a cheap substitute for wit? Exactly when does joking about how all sequels are just lame, repetitive cash-grabs start to suggest that maybe yours is, too? Actually, in this case, about 40 minutes in."
1	"There's no real reason ""22 Jump Street"" should work. Yet it does."
1	Does the meta-acknowledgment that everyone's in it for the bucks give a purposefully dopey sequel more cred? ... You bet.
1	"22 Jump Street is pretty much the exact same movie as 21 Jump Street. It knows it, you know it, and it knows that you know it. And that is why it's brilliant."
1	"22 Jump Street is hardly fresh, but the picture has enough energy to get by."
1	"This sequel to the hit action comedy 21 Jump Street is better all around: the pacing is more consistent, the sight gags more imaginative, the self-referential jokes sharper."
0	"'22 Jump Street' tries to catch a meta-wave on the shoulders of its stars, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum."
0	"Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, have clearly seen their share of crappy unnecessary sequels, and want to assure us that 22 Jump Street will follow proudly in that tradition."
1	"The boom-and-bust cycle that afflicts company towns in capitalist countries also dogs the state-run cogmakers, as Chinese auteur Jia Zhang-ke lyrically depicts in 24 City, an ode to changing times."
1	"With this moody and curiously effective follow-up to his critically acclaimed drama Still Life, director Jia Zhang-Ke paints another vivid portrait of China devastated by commercial 'progress.'"
1	"Jia is one of the guiding lights of the sixth generation of Chinese filmmakers, and 24 City is a potent exploration of his constant theme-the tectonic shifts that occur as the old gives way to the new."
1	"This subversively old-fashioned hymn to industrial production is filled with offbeat, vaguely absurd details."
0	"Mostly, 24 City falls into the same Jia trap of inadvertently drawing the viewers' gaze past his human subjects and to the poetic images of a country in painful metamorphosis."
1	"The result is surprisingly engrossing -- even lively, due in part to brief musical numbers inserted amid the interviews."
1	"Mr. Jia is an artist, one of the most interesting filmmakers working anywhere in the world, and he made his film to bear witness to a way of life while witnesses could still be found."
1	"The actors in 24 City, an experimental fiction-nonfiction hybrid, bring their own existential realities to their short, touching performances."
0	"24 City won't change the minds of detractors -- it is his most painfully slow yet -- but it might change the minds of his supporters, including this critic, for Jia attempts something that is, in the end, unforgivable."
1	The director has an exquisite eye that keeps getting stronger and subtler. He trusts that beauty is vagueness's alluring upside.
0	"Chinese arthouse fixture Jia Zhang Ke looks at the closure of a state-owned factory in Chengdu, combining real interviews with awkwardly am-dram mock ones."
1	"The film takes on an operatic feel, moving between euphoria for the new and lament for the lost."
