reviewer_id	review	rating
1	"Why does it look like someone spit on my food?
I had a normal transaction,  everyone was chill and polite, but now i dont want to eat this. Im trying not to think about what this milky white/clear substance is all over my food, i d*** sure am not coming back."	1
2	"It'd McDonalds. It is what it is as far as the food and atmosphere go. The staff here does make a difference. They are all friendly, accommodating and always smiling. Makes for a more pleasant experience than many other fast food places."	4
3	"Made a mobile order got to the speaker and checked it in.
Line was not moving so I had to leave otherwise I                           d be late for work.
Never got the refund in the app.
I called them and they said I could only get my money back in person because it was stuck in the system.
Went there in person the next day  and the manager told me she wasn "	1
4	My mc. Crispy chicken sandwich was                                      customer service was quick and p	5
5	"I repeat my order 3 times in the drive thru, and she still manage to mess it up , it was suppose to be a large meal double filet of fish with large fries , no cheese . It was all wrong , they either need to pay close attention to the order being made , understand English or they need not to work at a drive thru"	1
6	I work for door dash and they locked us all out to wait in a long line for no reason at 10. I tried to beg them to open it because I'm door dash and they refused.  Covid is over get a new job	1
7	"If I  could give this location a zero on customer service, I  would. Pulled into drive through at 8:07 and placed a simple order. I order a regular hamburg and cookies. Once I paid and pulled up to the window to pick up, I  was told to pull up to the #1pace. I sat there and sat there and.........25 minutes later, no order. I  went in and no one was at the counter. I yelled ""hello"" three times. A young lady came up asking who was handling the front counter. A young girl appeared. To make this complaint shorter, I  showed my receipt and another 5 minutes later I got my order. There was another order with a drink sitting on the counter that never got to the person who ordered it. After getting home, I  had no regular hamburg but had cookies. Everyone, don't even bother going to this location again. It's a horrible experience every time as you can see by other reviews."	1
8	"Came in and ordered a Large coffee w/no ice. They handed me a cup that was less than half way full. I asked the employee, Flor, if they could give me a Large coffee w/no ice and she said no. I was willing to pay more to get a full cup of coffee. I always get a large sweet tea w/no ice and it       "	1
9	Went thru drive thru. Ordered. Getting home noticed my 10 piece nuggets where missing. Tried calling the restaurant and nothing. The lady gave me a hard time about extra sauce. Very unhappy .....	1
10	"I'm not really a huge fan of fast food, but I have 2 teenage daughter's who enjoy McDs. The staff here is always friendly and ALWAYS get their orders correct. By far one of the best McDs I have ever been to. I always enjoy and appreciate quality service from quality people... and you'll definitely find it here. At least from the evening crew. Haven't been here during the day. My girls joke that I go here so often to get them food, that the staff is going to end up knowing me and having their order ready to go. Lmao Great people and excellent service.   "	4
11	Worst McDonald                       	1
12	"We stopped by for a quick breakfast.  It was not crowded inside, but there was a pretty long drive thru.

Our order was supposed to have 3 food items and 2 drinks. They missed a food item. The lady ignored me when I told her.

My husband went to get it, she finished her task then handed it to him without a word or smile or anything."	2
13	"The morning crew seems fast and efficient. Night crew is a whole different experience, lines down the street, hour long waits. If this was a one time occurrence it wouldn't be so bad but this is a nightly problem. Beyond this the staff is so highly rude you leave wanting to crash your car through the building. Don't forget they will mistake your order almost every single time as well and serve it to you cold."	1
14	"Today, i was disappointed in that restaurant #11853 did not get me my FULL order, meaning I did not receive my condiments for my big breakfast with hot cakes. No butter, no syrup, and no utensils. Luckily this was a hiccup and not a regular thing. Oh, and the egg was half the size of the sausage."	3
15	"Ordered food burger wrong and left out part of the order also. One of the drink cup lid not fattened. Poor service girl handing order at window on January 7, 2023 at 1pm."	1
16	This was a dine in experience. The tables were all dirty & we did not get our food after waiting 35 minutes. Chicken sandwich was burnt.	2
17	"The line wS extremely big and was moving very slowly, plus they were out of apple pies and strawberry cream pies, but they gave me substitute cinnabun, the staff was very apologetic for being slow & they were out of pies, but it was middle of the night and they were extremely under-staffed."	4
18	The boy who attended me made me wait and when he saw that the drink was wrong he threw the bag of food at me with a grimace. So disappointed!	1
19	I am not happy at all today I went and bought 4trawberry Banana smoothies and and 2 hash browns and my smoothies tasted like straight ice and water smh. And I am very disappointed in there service my smoothie should never taste like that never especially the fact I bought it for not only me but my kids. I need someone to contact me from corporate or something. I am not happy at all waste of money 	1
20	The staff seems to always be different which makes ordering sometimes a little difficult because they are in a state of perpetual learning which can also lead to waiting a bit longer but the lobby is always clean as well as the bathrooms	4
21	"Can't believe experience with order taker. Went from drive thru and employee directly asks what do you want. He keeps rushing while taking order with no other cars placing order. We wanted to add one more item and asked for a minute. He keeps asking what else. When I said we are ready - no response. There were no other car placing order that time either. I told again we are ready. responded after a pause. Again what do you want... excuse me.. who talks to customers like this ??
I asked for his name to put a review and he flat out denied. I asked for receipt before handing my credit card. He swipes it and returns back my card. I m waiting for a receipt with my family in the car. He ts inputing another order on his tablet. Waited for sometime and then I waive my hand several times. He opens window and said you can get receipt from next window. Excuse me ??
Went to next window - picked up food, asked for Manager and got his name JAMAR. My receipt states 08/06/2022 7:20pm Order 05
I didn't want to complain but this was intolerable."	1
22	"Meh.. just meh. When I finally get the correct order, it is generally tasty. I'm a picky eater, and have found ways to navigate the menu to get items I like. Worked in the service industry for years as a server, bartender, and trainer. Taking and fulfilling orders is NOT hard, tedious at times though. I only go here when I see they are not busy, in hope that my order is correct when I go to leave. In the 10 times that I have been here in the past past year, I have only had 1 order that was perfectly correct. Just ONE, not an exaggeration. That one order was just 2 large fries and nothing else. Though I will mention that when I got home and pulled them out of the bag, they were hardly what you'd call filled, (nor did I enjoy any on the 3 minute drive home) so little so that I even sent a picture and post to McDonald's on Facebook, at least the few were hot. The evening staff is very pleasant, but the morning staff leaves a lot to be desired, as well as thinking that they can talk negatively about people in Spanish out in the open which, being a light skinned Puerto Rican, I understand perfectly. I have submitted several complaints and NEVER received a call or email back. I just don't go here anymore to avoid the stress of paying money for something that is most likely wrong."	1
23	Just needed caffeine. The staff at the drive thru just shoved the drink in my hands. Not very professional.	2
24	"This is consistently the worst meal you will pay for. Microwaved nuggets, cold fries and a 30 minute wait. What more can you ask for? Dont go here ever! Your better off going hungry or giving the meal you payed for to the homeless by the donation box behind the drive thru."	1
25	Didn                           t take card. But didn          	1
26	McDonald                           s is proud to own the most broken ice cream machines on the planet. When I asked at the drive through if they had ice cream the lady replied                            na                  	1
27	With all the new upgrades everything looks great and clean great staff	4
28	Doesn                        	2
29	Yet another McDonald's with horrible service and lazy employees. I mean c'mon do they intentionally hire unqualified people???	1
30	First and last time I go to this location. Look at my receipt and what I got. That                           s a plain sausage biscuit plus a double quarter pounder. I didn                 	1
31	(Sarcasm) this was exactly what I ordered! A 20 minute wait in the drive through for a room temperature caramel mocha that was less than 2/3 full!	1
32	"This location is wack.
They will literally stop taking orders and make people sit in the parking lot for like 12 minutes until 3:00 a.m. so that they don't get to order dinner food anymore.
We have gone multiple times right after leaving the pinballz arcade just to sit in the parking lot in the Drive-Thru line waiting while they do nothing but wait for the order menu to change over.
Look McDonald's if I wanted a breakfast deluxe I wouldn't have shown up at 2:30 in the morning thank you."	2
33	They did not honor there advertised price. This is extra pickles.	1
34	"Just spent 10 minutes waiting at this McDonald's . According to Google they're open 24/7. Finally we pull up to the window to see if anyone was there, sure enough one employee seated in the lobby and another at the window. She told me they were closed. Whoever these two are they need to be replaced. Get it together McDonald's. You're a corporate power house and you have a reputation to keep. One of the most unprofessional experiences I've ever had with fast food. 0/10 would not recomend this location."	1
35	We hit it off pretty good in the beginning everything was great but that didn                           t last long. I mean the service is fast but with attitude an	2
36	"This location is a horrible store to work for. The General Manger Omar Delgado  doesn                           t know how to run a store efficiently. The Supervisor, Eduardo doesn                           t care how it                           s ran either.  As someone who used to work here at the Manger "	1
37	This is 3rd time I got this               	1
38	The staff are very friendly and they do their job perfectly	5
39	Awesome service! Food hot!  Best ever	5
40	"Went through the drive through ordered a large fry and two chicken deluxe sandwiches
Got to the pay window and the read it back as two spicey chicken sandwiches
I restated that I wanted the deluxe crispy chicken sandwich
They said they would fix it after having to pay a second time for the lettuce and tomato                            then when I got the order it was still a spicey chicken sandwich INSIDE a deluxe crispy chicken b"	1
41	If you didn                           t take 15 minutes to take a few orders I                           d be able to order off your normal menu instead of the disgusting br	1
42	"This is the WORST McDonald's EVER, I don't come here often because when I do my order is wrong EVERY TIME.  Today 2/25/22 1130am 1 the drive thru person could barely hear me and I was almost yelling 2 I get to the next window after paying and I'm asked what did you order?? I tell them at the end of me repeating my order I now have your entire staff looking CONFUSED AS HELL like I just dropped outta the sky now I'm being asked did I pay? Are you sure you ordered at the speaker? Now all of ya'll wear head sets except for the cooks the worst leadership I've ever seen"	1
43	"Me and my girlfriend came tonight to pick up our food after 11pm for a mobile order, they need a better system if you are walking on foot. The food tasted great, loved the McDonald's deal ordering from the app."	3
44	"Been frequenting this location for a few years.Morning,mid-day and night,the food is always hot,fresh and served with a smile."	5
45	The drinks were watered down and the employee was downright rude when asked to replace the drinks.!!	1
46	"I ordered a Large fry buy after arriving to my destination I saw they did not fill the carton up.  They gave me a small portion for what I paid for.  This is not right and management needs to correct this.  Stealing from customers is plain wrong.  When ordering a large, they expect to get what should come in a large.  I noticed after my bad experience that your reviews are low.  In order order to create a good business, giving people an exceptional experience should be your goal not the opposite."	2
47	Will not answer my call. Messed up my order 4times in and hour!	1
48	Slow always have wait for my food and have to go back in to get it fixed.  No one ever iles or has a none fake smile. No welcome to McDonald's or have a great day especially in drive through . And if you do say something's wrong you get a major attitude especially from the shift manager guy tall black guy .  ( Sorry don't know his name )	1
49	Horrible service worker with a stank attitude for no reason working at the window mute with an attitude mad because she is miserable at work . They mess up the order and then don                           t answer the phone it                           s ridiculous. Found a long hair in my daughters happy meal fries and then the extra fry was missing from her meal and t	1
50	"Normally this location does pretty good, but last night was absolutely ridiculous. I sat in the drive thru for almost an hour waiting to get my order taken, the line was wrapped almost TWICE around the building, and finally I gave up and tried driving up to the window to give them my order since i was next in line. When i got to the window, they told me they couldn't take it and I'd have to go back around. I told them I'd like to put in my order here since I've been waiting all this time, and they proceeded to still refuse and that it's my fault for waiting in the second lane that they claimed was closed and had a sign out. The second lane was open, and the ""sign"" they were talking about was a wet floor sign they had placed right next to the drive-thru menu. I told them the lane looked open from our side and they still proceeded to argue with me, and then slammed the drive thru window shut. I've never received such deplorable customer service in my life, and if any managers are reading this, I highly suggest firing the two workers from last night."	1
51	I went to this location tonight to see if they could give me the Oreo Mcflurry that a different McDonald                           s had forgotten earlier they completely refused. Unbelievable.. It                           s ice cream              	1
52	"Rude customer service, unprofessional attitude, overcooked food, no complimentary items for screwing up our orders. I don't understand how you can keep your job when there is so many negative reviews. I vow to never eat here again. I would rather eat a cold can of baked beans..."	1
53	"Representative was very rude and disrespectful,  refused fulfilling my order and simply hung up on me on the drive through window... never was I so disappointed at that location before. Manager pretended like nothing even happened."	1
54	They got our order correct and didn't cut me off before I had finished ordering our food at the speaker. I could actually understand our order taker. I don't know if it really gets any better than that at a fast food place anymore.	3
55	Good quick drive through service.  Was a long line but went very quickly.	4
56	Yup. It                           s McDona	3
57	I go here all the time. Great staff.. NVR get my food wrong it's just always a line wrapped around lol that's why they ain't 5. Most def customer service is better then the food but hey I just go for my kids because they love it so why not! Good customer service guys! Makes all the difference	4
58	I went to pick up food from the restaurant at late night through drive through. I was told to wait near the door and I will be getting the order but even after waiting 15 minutes no one came with the food. Orders are already assigned and even after coming through drive through it takes more than half an hour to get it which is not good. Lots of people behind me got the food but no one cared about the driver who is already waiting from long time. Thank you	1
59	"OPEN 24HRS all the darn time!!  If there are 24 hours in every day and then 7 days in a week then that means this place is open eleventeen million hours a year.  I dont even know how they find people to work here I mean how do they shower or brush their teeth or change clothes if they are always there.... I think I may have an idea: they are robots.  Or clones, like this example that's Dolly the sheep she's pretty hot NGL."	4
60	"It was late, order was wrong, person taking order needs to slow down,"	4
61	"The manager IS RUDE at 13749 183 research Blvd.in north Austin TX. HAD TO GO BACK INTO THE  DINER  3 TIMES AND THE 3RD TIME THE MANAGER DIDNT EVEN ACKOWLEDGE WE WERE EVEN THERE.. DISCRIPTION OF SAID MANAGER SPANISH ABOUT 5 FT TALL AND HAD LONG BLONDOISH HAIR PULLED BACK INTO A PONY TAIL. READ PREVIOUS REVIEWS AND THRY WERE NOT GOOD
NEED TO CHECK OUT WHAT IS GOING ON ."	1
62	Never would come back here again my mother was asking for a coke and the lady became rude and said to her coworker in Spanish omg this fat women it hurt me that she said that and we know what she said so teach your employees how to speck properly in front of people	1
63	"I placed an order... the young lady at the drive thru kept having issues getting the order correctly... I paid for my order... went to the second window.. was given a huge bag that almost broke through with stuff... I pulled up just a little bit to check my order:  noticed I was missing an item, fries, so I pulled around to let the lady at the first window know I                           m missing something... she just dismissed me to the 2nd window... and the 2 ladies at the second window weren                           t the best either.  When I stated I drove back around because I was missing my fries.. I didn                           t realize my receipt was in the bag to confirm my order.. found it and gave it to one of the ladies... the second lady, I                           m guessing to be heard due to my inconvenience of my order not being correct, for her to take ownership for what possibly could of went wrong and show some compassion instead of being kind of prude ... after I received the fries the manager dismissed me with a condescending         "	2
64	"Never gotten my order wrong, employees seem to change a lot but they're consistently quick and nice. Also the prices here are lower than other locations, I don't know why but its a total welcome change haha."	5
65	They run out of fry containers and constantly forget sauces. The dining room is still closed for some reason so have fun getting back in line for a sauce. Sometimes the fries aren't great which is a huge part of McDonald's. Come on guys...	3
66	They get an extra  because their staff 8 of 10 have been polite. Drive through has issues. They constantly get order wrong. Ask you to pull forward to fix and leave you hanging. I have had to go in twice to see why I am still sitting after five minutes. They are new. I understand training new people. But when you place an order and they repeat it back correctly and it comes out wrong or you have to repeat 3 times to make sure they get it right. Someone inside needs to make sure they are reading the whole ticket. Not just a quarter pounder. Especially with the multi menu choice of adding bacon or lettuce and tomatoes. Their tea as of late has tasted like dish soap and their fountain drinks have a funky taste to them. Numerous times their fries have been under cooked.	2
67	Got Wrong order         	1
68	"McDonald's is usually pretty bad about inventory shorts especially.
The BBQ sauce, it's just a conspiracy but if you ever been a lover of Mcys Nuggets then you know they tend to ""Forget"" the BBQ sauce. Any other sauce and it's in there. But overall I dont see my self going back anytime soon."	2
69	"So Uber eats was having connectivity issues and pushed an order through to this location that was supposed to be cancelled. I know this isnt McDonald's fault, but when I called McDonalds to try and address the issue, they answered and then ignored me and must have left their phone off the hook because any attempt to call them after this got me only dial tone. I know places are short staffed, but you cant just ignore people."	1
70	"If I paid for a large-sized meal, and I asked for both a large fry and a large drink, please don't argue with me that the ticket says medium drink. Thank you so much from a single parent who just wanted to spend a little bit of money on unhealthy food for wasting my hard-earned money."	1
71	Customer  service  is no good the staff  play games  as if I'm there to pay my money  to see them horsing around. And the the management  are a jock don't answer  the phone . to night is September 29 2021 at 10:30pm my next  visit to Austin will not be to a McDonald's...	1
72	"My nuggets were way to salty and crunchy which means to had been sitting there a while, cashier cut me off in the middle of my order but was nice and polite when I addressed it and fries where kinda cold but another then good place to get food at an affordable price"	3
73	"Alright I know it was 5:25 in the morning when we came here and the worker was probably tired as hell. I will give him that for sure, but it was just odd pulling up to the machine and total silence. we had to say ""hello?"" before he came on and asked what we wanted. Was seemingly rude about it and not amazingly friendly. You do not have to sound peppy and full of life at 5am, but at least be nice.."	3
74	"waited in the drive through for over half an hour, all i got for my trouble was a ""sorry for the wait"" not even an explanation. When I got to the second window there were at least a dozen sodas just sitting on the counter. It's not the first time I've had bad service. I once pulled up and they just said we're not serving right now even though it was smack dab in the middle of the day hours."	1
75	"When you specifically say,                            plain AND dry                            and then just to make sure they understood (cuz let                           s face it, it                           s MacDonalds) you add -                            so nothing but the meat and buns                           . Then you get home, open the bag, and immediately see the cheese through the hamburger wrapper.... I mean for cryin"	1
76	"Buyer beware. Yeah it                           s fast food and cheap. However, if you love to be consistently let down, this particular location is the place to frequent. This location loves to give you incorrect items and 100% of the time your order will be missing something.

Please be sure to check your order prior to leaving the premises. Do note that it takes forever to get them to correct their mistakes, so do take into consideration that the rest of your food will be cold and soggy by the time"	1
77	"Service is slow, but I get all of my items with no errors and it's a bit smaller than most locations. Overall, it's a good place to grab a quick bite near Lake Creek."	4
78	"The cashier's are very nice. Its very clean on the inside, and they get your food done fast"	5
79	Manager waited on me. He went out of his way to make me a satisfied customer.  Great customer service!	4
80	2:42 AM on a Saturday and they just straight up stopped answering the drive through. They just sitting in there chilling	1
81	"I would have given 5, the evening manager is the nicest person I have seen and is definitely in charge of training her crew with constantly new help, in spite of this, everytime I have to return an order she goes back to the kitchen and patiently disassembles the sandwich and explains the proper way to make the sandwich in a spirit of education and with a cherry disposition. You can tell the children she works with respect her and look up to her, and yes, they might get things confused occasionally but I will continue to go there. 4 out of 5"	4
82	"The staff is very kind and the food is usually prepared in a timely manner, for this reason it'sone of my preferred location's. However the drive thru line can sometimes be an inconvenience as it can get very long and at times even block entrances."	4
83	"Awful experience. Drive thru attendants are rude, untrained, and unprofessional. When asked for a manager the attendants lie and say that there isn't one on duty, FYI impossible for every shift not to have a manager. One specific attendant screamed and cursed at me, to which led me to contact corporate."	1
84	"Decent McDonald's location.  The team here has always been friendly.  Drive thru can get pretty backed up during normal meal periods, so often it is better to go inside.  Make sure you go close to regular meal periods for fresher food vs the ones under the heat lamp for a while.    Store is always clean."	3
85	"Hashbrowns were fire today.

Frappes always on point and the machine is always working.

Always get me to work on time with fast workers"	5
86	"When I order during the day, I have zero issues. They are listed as a 24 hour location, so they show up on Uber Eats late at night. Anytime I order after midnight, they will accept my order through UE and then sit around for an hour before cancelling it. I don't understand why you list yourselves as a 24 hour location if you cancel any orders after midnight. Other than that, this place has always given great service."	3
87	I ordered 4 happy meals with plain cheeseburgers. All the burgers were wrong. Do you know what it                           s like to have four grandkids that can 	1
88	McDonalds is NOT a fast food company anymore. They're just a food company now. Always a line wrapped around the building that never moves. When are robots going to replace the kitchen staff who hate their jobs?	1
89	This McDonalds CONSTANTLY gets orders wrong. We have ordered at the window and over uber and EVERY SINGLE TIME we dont get a complete order. Today we went back to get our fry we had 3 chicken sandwiches and 2 fry not complicated at all. The manager gave us a new one but the girl at the oick up window shoved the bag in ny hands and when I tha ked her she made a rude face and turned away.	1
90	"Night time drive through team seem really unprofessional. I ordered a meal with an extra fry, but when I got to the food window, was only given the fry with the meal. I mentioned the extra fry and was told I only paid for 1 fry. I offered to pay the difference for the extra fry, but was told I needed to drive back around and order again. Seriously? That's the response? Will not be returning."	1
91	"This is the 3rd time in a row that we                           ve been burned going through the drive threw. Each time they have messed up our order and you                           d think by now that I would have learned my lesson, but I thought this would be quick and easy. NOPE! This location sucks. I tried calling the number in the receipt but no one answers. I know I can            "	1
92	"Worst experience! All I asked for was a regular size coffee.I get to the window and was handed a small , I asked the woman if that was a regular to which she rudely said yes I questioned her again two more times then I asked her how many sizes of coffee they had she said small medium and large I asked her which one was the one I was holding and she said it's a small that's what we charged you for she said, and I told her I asked for a regular which would be a medium but I just drove off. Also asked for 3plendas and 4 creamers on the side and received 3 regular sugars and 2 creamers. To top it off, coffee was full of coffee grounds to the point I was spitting them out. And as a little plus there was a piece of plastic! Never again!"	1
93	"Attempted to go through the drive thru at 430 am. It said it was 24 hour, however no one seemed to be taking orders and I drove around twice just in case and tried again but still no answer. I saw one employee in the kitchen but couldn't get his attention.   Very bad business. If closed or delayed in opening then at least a sign that indicates that would have been nice."	1
94	"This place is okay. It has these kiosks where you order, take a number, and they bring the food to your table. I ordered a frozen lemonade, paid for it, then sat down. I was there for a bit before someone came and told me they were out. I got a regular drink instead but it was too much trouble to get a refund for the difference. I'm not sure I like this new way."	3
95	"My burger was completely raw in the middle and when I took the burger back in to get it remade the lady behind the counter treated me like I was some stuck up brat for not wanting to eat a raw burger.
If I had the ability to give them a zero  rating I would. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN!!!"	1
96	"If I could give negative s I would. This location is the absolute worst ever.  Every single time I go they f up my order! Then give attitude when they need to correct their mistakes.  I Try to give the benefit of the doubt everyone has off/bad days so I return thinking this time will be different, but it never is. They always suck. The staff is horrible. Corporate needs to send all their staff over to a week of training at chic-fil-A college to learn about work ethic, time management ,teamwork and basic manors.
I am baffled how chic-fil-a can have 30 cars in drive thru and get my order right the first time and under 5 mins. But at McDonald                           s there could be 3 cars and it still takes 30 mins and 3+ tries to get my order right! makes no logical sense.
Moral of rant save your time and money and drive around the corner to chic-fil-a they got your"	1
97	"When ordering food the employees conveniently forgot to turn off their microphones and were talking mess about all the food we had ordered, this is very unprofessional and honestly uncalled for. When I asked for a receipt they said it was in the bad and it was convenient not in there. I                           ve trying to get ahold of management to speak ab"	1
98	"I don                           t usually review places but this location has ridiculously rude service and consistently gets the orders wrong. Even when not busy. If I were rude, I                        "	1
99	Allways has the best Fries and Ice cream in the world!	5
100	Mcdonalds is great but they really need to hire people who understand both english and spanish and not just spanish speakers trying to take english orders. The people are really nice but be smarter about who you put in the drive thru and lobby to take orders.	4
101	I love going to McDonald's in that area because that's where I get most of my food for my family and my grandchildren and they love me when I bring stuff to him like every couple days so it's great to go to that McDonald's McDonald's is a good spot for taking my grandkids and buy him food there are the greatest thing that they're right off of lake Creek thank you for putting it there	5
102	I work for Doordash and when I go to pick up orders at night I spend 20 minutes of my time just waiting in the drive thru line. There has to be a easier way for this to get done.	3
103	"Horrible customer service always gets my order wrong. They were out of French fries so I said that's fine I can wait while you make more. ""We can't do that"" seriously what kind of fast food place can't make fries? It only takes two minutes and 15 to heat up even the worst fryer. Which I would have waited for. Is this not the money making industry?

My business is now sitting at Whataburger who also doesn't have fries ready but said I could have some fresh in two minutes."	1
104	The most horrible service yet.  Drive thru can't get a dam thing right at all has no interest in his voice. I have to continue to repeat myself for you to still get it wrong. Then when I went through drive threw they still can't follow directions. So sad.	1
105	"I hate the new self ordering touchscreens. It can be hard to order even the simplest items.  Staff seemed preoccupied, did not even get my order correct. I had to ask for my parfait. Sweet tea was empty."	1
106	"Nothing! Staff was rude. No napkins out, tables were dirty. My son and I went in at 1050 to get lunch before a movie knowing lunch ts at 1030. They apparently don't serve lunch until 11. When I asked why she said because people like late breakfast on weekends. Why that affects lunch I don't know. According to the sign, breakfast is served all day. Had I read the reviews first I would have gone to the one across the highway."	1
107	"Your general fast food place with subpar service. Went here one morning to get a quick breakfast because we had no time for our usual Saturday morning spot. We ordered several different breakfast items and at the end my wife went to order a single order of three pancakes and sausage breakfast for one of the kids. At checkout it seemed expensive at first, the cashier never repeated the order back to us. When we received our order, we figured out why. She put us down for three total three pancakes and sausage breakfasts. When my wife brought it up the girl behind the register just said ""oops, sorry"" and walked away, no offer to fix it or give a refund. Great job."	1
108	Let                           s just say this place would be a lot better if they had a different crew member. There is a orange red hair lady names Veronica who does the window mostly and she ALWAYS has a attitude. If you don                           t want to work at McDonalds then gone because their are people who take customer service 	1
109	"I didn't used to mind this McD's.  I was happy there was an option for 24-hr food in case I wanted something on the way home from a night out with friends or just late-night munchies.  During the day, it's a pretty average McD's.  But they lost my business forever when I went by one night at 1am, pulled up to the order box, waited for five minutes, then finally someone came over the speaker and said ""Sorry we're closed"".

Closed?!  It's 24-hrs!  And I get it, sometimes 24-hr places will close one night every several months to do a deep cleaning.  I get that, I really do.  But they ALWAYS post signs and notices so you're not blind-sided by it.  Not this place.  I really don't think they were closed.  I think the workers were too lazy to do their job and decided to shut the store down so they could get paid to do nothing.

Additionally, this store has a bad habit of having a ""broken"" ice cream machine past 10pm.  It's always ""sorry, ice cream machine is broken"" if you come in after the lobby closes.

The worst part is I complained on the website.  I submitted a complaint for this store, pointing out the 24-hr and the ice cream issue.  All I got back (weeks later) was ""oh, sorry the ice cream machine was broken, we're working to upgrade all our locations but it takes time""  Not even a single MENTION of the ""closed"" 24-hr location.

As I said, it's a pretty standard McD's... which is synonymous with lazy, but this one takes the cake on it."	1
110	Very stringent on providing Ketchup. Last 3-5 visits I                           ve been given only 1	2
111	They tried to charge me for a piece of egg when I asked for a bacon egg and cheese McGriddle through the drive thru. I went inside and the manager tried to charge me when her employee never confirmed my order. All I said was sub bacon instead of the sausage and somehow the egg got taken off? I don                    	1
112	Love the price  French fries	5
113	We went through the drive-through and ordered 2 bacon-cheese burgers and 2 big Mac's and we asked for them to leave the middle part (the bread in the center). We got the bacon-cheese burgers and they were fine. But the big Mac's not only still had the bread in the center but had another piece of bread on the bottom with mac-sause on them. So instead of 2 pieces of meat and 2 pieces of bread I ended with 2 pieces of meat and 4 pieces of bread. I was not amused when I got home. You can bet that I will NOT EVER stop there again.	2
114	I was very surprised to have come to this McDonalds while working this side of town .. Coffee was like drinking a cup of  hot water.. wow McDonalds has been known for its coffee. Not this one. Get a water instead.	1
115	Terrible service didn                           t even hand me my change would rather 	1
116	"Always busy, sort of slow (but not too slow). Dangerous intersection, when leaving the drive thru. The food the couple of times I have been here seemed old or dry, it wasn't bad, just not very good."	2
117	All that I had ordered was two McDoubles and large soda. Both burgers were not just pink but Red in the center. Was the last time I have even TRIED eating fast food altogether.	1
118	Food was good atmosphere was ok restaurant was clean. Only thing from making it a 5 I almost ate it on the floor. Wet sign was present but it was beyond slick. Otherwise good quick place to grab a bite.	4
119	"I am very dissatisfied with the service at this location. I asked for a #1 which is a big Mac instead they charged me for a quarter pounder. My son ordered a cheeseburger happy meal , he wanted the burger with mud, onions, and pickles. My son was so upset and he refused to eat his food . The burger that I got slopply made and the meat was half way hanging out of the burger and it was so bad that it was almost dry. My little boy was so upset that he doesn't want to here any more. From a very mad Mommy and a hurt little boy"	1
120	"Id only eat from here if there is no other option. Its on a good location since its kinda on my way from work to home. I finish work at 12am so i have literally no other option cause i am exhausted and not willing to drive further. Burgers are dry, patties are old, i got 4 nuggets instead of 6. In short, dont waste your money cook yourself at home."	2
121	"I work late nights so I come here after my shift which is well after midnight. It                           s rare I have a good experience when the overnight staff is running the show. Missing items, the quality of the food is just not good, clearly it                           s been sitting there for a while, and it just seems like they have difficulty getting my order. I get that it   "	2
122	"I found  pieces of hair in my food. I also had to  Pay for pancake syrup and ranch and when I open the bag they were already open and leaking into my bag.  When I called to make a complaint the manager   Did not answer it took 7 calls back-to-back an he was incredibly rude!  He told me that everyone there has passed their certification and if I don't like it I can go to the health department.  I have made a complaint with the  Texas health department. Floors are disgusting, bathrooms are disgusting!  This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to in my life and I have traveled all over this country."	1
123	"Compared to other Macdonald's locations, this is consistently the best. Polite, fast and overwhelming accurate on the orders. I've been going to this location for a while, never had a bad experience at the drive thru. Great staff!"	5
124	One  because everytime I go early in the morning this lady is always so rude. Granted I know its early but if u can't handle being up this early then maybe you should consider getting a different job. It's not okay to be rude.	1
125	Asked me to wait at spot one. Asked for jelly and was completely ignored. Had to go inside to get it myself. Trash customer service. I blame management for not holding anyone accountable.	1
126	seriously I had asked specifically no onion on both of my steak bagels meals when I got to my house they both had onions. and I had asked for picante sauce and they didn't even put sauce  packets in my bag. it just sucks getting home and not being able to eat what you expected.	1
127	"The personal are really nice but everytime I go there, they almost mess my order. Sometimes I pay extra for my extra toppings and They forgot to add the topings  they made it just plain. And like in the bacon mcd double I always order  that one for my daughter with only mayo en they add mac sause and she is allergic to onions. And there is always something missing in my order.    "	1
128	"The inside smells like baby diapers. When you ask for extra sweet and sour sauce they give you a dirty look like it is such a hassle. The ice cream machine is always broken, and the food always looks like it was put together so carelessly. Guess you can't expect much from a McDonald's anyways."	1
129	"I like this location. It's my dogs favourite for unsalted fries, so I have to give them five s. Great crew - fast, well groomed, friendly."	5
130	They are always rude and get mad when they mess your order up I've never been to such a bad service place	1
131	One of the worst places I                           ve ever been to. Messed up almost every single item I ordered. Phone lines don  	1
132	"Seriously, what is the deal with not being able to brew fresh sweet tea? It's sad that you have to check your drinks before you leave the drive thru. It seems as if 3 time a week we get bad tea from this location. It's not like we can just leave work to go get a new one either. We send my hubby on a drink run in the morning and he constantly forgets to take the ""taste test"" before he leaves, but he should not have to!"	1
133	I tried the spices chicken nugget sauce for the first time. It was like a thick Tabasco and I liked it a lot more than I thought I would! I ate that instead of my burger.	3
134	"Literally the only thing they did not mess up was the drinks. The frys were old and barely filled halfway and we ordered a large, the only condiment we asked for was ketchup...didn         "	1
135	They tried to sell me 2 hashbrowns for $3 when it clearly says 3 for $3 on the drive thru menu . im already mad with myself for going there in the first place. But im in a rush this morning. So i get to the window after showing the pic they still say so you want 2 and 1 extra? Oh i snapped. Then i asked how much is one hashbrown. He said $1 ohhhh i snapped lol so the deal is you get to pay a extra $1 for 2 ? So i just said give me 3 $ hashbrowns. Then they said its tax.. I wanted to jump out of my brand new suv .. Lol i now see why they have those videos of people jumping on fast food workers! So i gave them my card and call the manager and he was just as smart as them. Armando said we do have sandwiches for $3. I almost threw my phone. I said i never asked you about a sandwich i said hashbrowns. Smh then i just said good bye sir you'll be hearing from me again. But really wants the use. I made that bad decision	1
136	Much cleaner after the renovations and the quality of food for a mcdonalds is better as well. The staff has been relatively friendly and with the new atmosphere im more likely to eat inside rather than the drive thru.	5
137	24 hour drive through but they t breakfast only around 4 am which I find irritating af. I did not go there at 4:20am for a egg McMuffin	3
138	"So bad they had to re-engineer their quarter pounder! It was great, then they went cheapo, now they added some extra fat to the mix. They take their fortune for granted. It's really sad. Great fries though, if you don't get a bag of soggy burnt tip one inchers! I've learned to distrust the compnay."	1
139	"night crew will 100% get your order wrong, just eat sleep for dinner and wait for day crew to treat you right."	1
140	"EDIT: Recently this McDonald's had been improving a lot, especial when compared to other McDonald's in the area (maybe the one on North part of W. Parmer, but not really fair comparison, I mean That one has a god-damn waterfall....). Keep up the good work! +1 

OLD: They took out all the power outlets and a table was just left broken covered with caution tape. Always understaffed and you can tell the owners are sucking this place for every penny without putting anything back in. Gives family owned McDonald's a bad name."	4
141	Good place	5
142	"Look, it is good food for the money. It is fast food people, but I will rather go to McDonald's than all the other fast food burger places. Fries are off the chain everytime, honestly.
Craving one as we speak!"	4
143	I had a 5  before. But his time i bougght a southwest saldad with crispy chicken and when i reached home there was no chicken at all in my salad. Tried to call back and no one answer the phone	1
144	Meh! It's McDonald's what can I say you get what you pay for. Don't expect the place to be clean or the employees to be over the moon with courtesy. Like I said you get what you pay for. This is not a bad review it's just a Meh review because it's McDonalds. It's not like you're eating at a five- Resort and getting a massage afterwards. However if McDonald's does decide one of these days to t serving alcohol I might have to pay it another visit. I don't go to McDonald's often. I only stopped in out of convenience. Like I said this is not a bad review to disrespect McDonald's in any way.	3
145	Back to no breakfast all day. Breakfast is the only thing edible at this place.	1
146	Understand McDonald's is under construction but it is doing well with its Service as it's going right now I still recommend going to McDonald's is still fast service and still great awesome food and the kids love it still so as soon as they're done with the remodeling as soon as they are they are they're all right all day all ready to go back to work I recommend this in my community and Community sure does love this and Leander Texas	5
147	Live nearby and this is our choice McDonald's compared to others in close distance. I gotta say though that the last order of fries I got really were so yucky I chewed on 2 and didnt eat the rest. They tasted over cooked or double cooked. Something made them rubbery and inedible to me.	4
148	"13749 UsHy183
Terrible drive way service . Our order all wrong .Missing 1andwich .They tried to give us 5 large coffee for 2 people .Over charge us . ???"	1
149	Dave giving me the wrong Burger two times in a row now sometimes I work till 1:00 in the morning and all I want to do is eat something so I can go home and go to sleep the sheer unnecessaryness of McDonald's saying what else what else what else is annoyingmultiple enough but to get my burger wrong times	1
150	Always have had a positive experience.  Arthur who took my order was beyond professional and friendly and made my last visit exceptional!  I will be back!	5
151	"Went thru the drive thru, for breakfast. I like the Egg McMuffin meal, but that is about the only thing I'll eat off of their menu. My meal with a coke, ended up being wrong. They gave me a sausage biscuit and the coke was horrible. The line was so long, that I did not have time to wait, so I just threw it all away. I won't be coming back to this location."	1
152	"The food was fresh, tasty and fabulous! Great service as well. Thank you!"	5
153	"I ordered from uber eats, I didnt get any of my sauces, ( i ordered a 40 piece nugget. 2 large fries and a spicy mcchicken,) my fries were ice cold, my sauces non existent, and the food was mediocre I LITERALLY live blocks away MAYBE 3 blocks MAYBE.I Called st least 3 tomes trying to speak to a manager and it rang so long it went to voice mail at least 3 times if not 4. Worst McDonald's i have ever been to."	1
154	Absolutely terrible. This McDonald's had a worker bleeding and throwing up all over the food and when my mother politely asked them what was taking so long (we were in the drive thru like for 20-30 MINUTES) we were bad mouthed by the manager. I'm so angry this is unacceptable	1
155	Hit and miss on getting my order right.  They are always quick to get the food out and it's generally hot and fresh.  What they lack in accuracy they seem to focus on in speed of service.	3
156	I went to this store last night (Oct 28) and one of the managers visible from the drive thru window wasnt wearing his mask. Very unsafe	1
157	First off it took forever to get my food over 20 minutes of sitting in line. Then once I got home I realized my nuggets were old/ not even dropped into the fryer a second time ha to re heat them ha.  Also I was missing half my meal.	1
158	Every time I go here they are always missing food items or getting my order incorrect! Their employees including the gm has a terrible attitude and it shows.	1
159	No worries about the time difference between us and I just asking you about the fact you have any idea what	2
160	"This store has a friendly smiling staff. It is clean. And most of the time the orders are correct and when they aren't the management makes it right. Convenient, easy, quick."	4
161	mess up my order made them redo it and they still mess up the order and then something was done to order cause I ended up getting food posiening from the order and do food my mom	1
162	This has got to be the cleanest and friendliest McDonald's That we have ever been to. The service was fast and friendly. I highly recommend this fast food restaurant at this location.	5
163	"Everytime i go there i order the same thing and this has been a routine of mines for four years i get two egg and cheese mcgriddle large fries and a large sweet tea and every time they put meat on my mcgriddle when i clearly don't ask for any, other then that they are good and fast"	5
164	I just enjoy their all day breakfast! And yes Senoirs recieve a coffee discount..must ask! Mcmuffins  are always HOT! GREAT SERVICE..CLEAN ENVIRONMENT...BON APPITET	5
165	"The wait time was not good, my fries was warm, and my order was wrong. I didn't feel like waiting another 15 minutes for some hot fries and revised order."	3
166	It's always good to get some food fast going through the drive-thur. I was in and out in less than 5 mins.	5
167	"Couldn't get a order right. When I got home they had the burgers all wrong. Tried to call and for a hour and a half they never answered
Was really disappointed !"	3
168	I've came to this location on 3 different occasions. All three times I had to wait at least 10 minutes to get my food. I'm never coming here again.	1
169	Just came from the Lake Creek  Festival location! I will not go there again! They continue too mess up my order ! I took back the order and the  Manager was rude!	1
170	Staff is great                                       except for the Fat m	1
171	"When ice cream wasn't available I asked for 2 apple pies, I got 2 cherry pies...I don't eat cherry so that was useless"	1
172	"As part of Lake Creek Festival Mall review McDonald's is featured as a member of the Mall and as Contributing Member of Our Anderson Mill Community.

Peace       "	4
173	The girls on the weekday morning shift ptovide the fastest drive thru service in the world!  And the order us always accurate. They can serve almost a dozen vehicles in the time it takes Whataburger to serve one.	5
174	"Why is it everytime going to a McDonalds  they get ur order wrong?
Not once
But all the Fxxxing time excuse my french
Then on top they dont like u cause u ask for special request
What is the point of wanting something to eat if u cannt have like u want it
I guess we all forgatten who really we are working for
The customer"	1
175	The worst customer service I                           ve ever experienced at any McD.  Because I had a small stack of napkins Eduardo t	1
176	"There service was good, but don't order a med water they charge.I ask and she said anything bigger than a small they do charge,  well all they had to do is tell me before I pay and give me a choice!"	4
177	Not a big deal but the guy at the window on drive through said there were more then 3 NBA sauces in the bag I said ok and went home. Got home and there was nothing in the bag. Just double check everything even of they say it there. Probably wont go back to that location again....	2
178	Does anyone ever expect to go there for the awesome food and beyond superior customer service? Nope. It's the only place with a decent sausage biscuit without having to drive to Carl JR's in cedar park.	2
179	"Had a stellar McD's Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese & Fries. Yes, really! Delicious, hot, and so good!"	5
180	Go everyday for my morning breakfast before work. Staff is nice and if I ever had a error with my to go order the manager has made it right.	4
181	Go here for their drinks all the time. Only complaint they need to empty their drive through trash can more often otherwise the service is amazing.	5
182	Nice customer service here. My kids happy meal was perfect	5
183	"Still the best unhealthy cheapest breakfast in town. The $1 coffee is a steal. And yes, we all deserve a break every once in a while."	4
184	It was McDonald'sy. Quick service. Friendly staff. Food was just like it is at McDonalds. Guilty pleasures galore...	4
185	"Good location, friendly staff and food seemed well prepared compared to other locations.
I went during overnight hours and still was well attended."	5
186	Staff has changed and service isn't great.	3
187	"Ordered a Happy Meal, Large Fries, and Large Coke at the drive thru. Didn't get my receipt or change, large Sprite and no straw."	1
188	"Decent for junk food, but each extra packet of your desired sauce costs an extra $.25. Good and quick staff."	3
189	The last two times I went to this location the burgers were barely even warm when they were handed to me. I had to take them back because they were cool to the touch.	1
190	"THESE PEOPLE.. SO I ORDERED A HAPPY MEAL. MEANS YOU GET THE BOX  NOT A BAG. THEY ALWAYS GIVE ME THE BAGS. SO ONE DAY I SAW 4 ROWS OF BOXES. ASKED THEM FOR THE BOX AND THE PEOPLE MAGICALLY COULDN'T TALK. I CALLED CORPORATE. THE MANGER WRITES ME AN EMAIL SAYING THEY RAN OUT.
REALLY?? RALLY??? IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE NEGATIVE ZERO S I WOULD."	1
191	The assistant manager dude is very rude! He should be fired!  Not very good customer service. Yogurt parfait not filled even                      	1
192	"Typically love going here, hate that I ordered a medium and got a small instead this morning. Even asked her if she was sure that was a medium and she said yes."	3
193	Clean and order was correct. Crowded inside and no place to sit - tables were not to be used.	4
194	"Quick service and clean store. You can't dine in, but you can order inside."	5
195	"Decent fast food, order occasionally messed up, good prices"	4
196	Hadn't been to McDonald's in a couple years it was better    THAN thought it was gonna beDidn't have a choice	3
197	Its ice cream cone is the best part of this branch	4
198	Completely ignored me when I was waiting for them to take my order at the register.	2
199	Average service and wait time. Food is usually hot! No complaints.	3
200	Kiosk is a joke. Takes longer using it than just ordering at the counter. Young lady behind the counter obviously did not want to be at work. She wasn                         	2
201	You guys messed up my order wish you would have told me you had apple pay i wasted twenty mins of my life to get my coffee and you put 3 creams instead of 3ugars I hate you forever now lol	1
202	Always fast and friendly service. Clean inside also. One of the best I've been to in past years. Also close to where I live	5
203	"Our order was wildly messed up and it took them two times to fix it, but they did it with a great attitude and smile."	3
204	"Ordered a Big Mac. Got three pieces of bun, hamburger meat, and one slice of cheese. Whoever did that is just lazy. Come on. It              "	1
205	Standard food and service. It was quick and efficient. The outside parking lot and drive-thru area was dirty and grungy.	3
206	This McDonald's is well-managed with friendly staff. I never have an issue going here unlike some other locations.	5
207	"If I could give this place a 0 , I would. The workers are extremely rude"	1
208	Chicken nuggets we're burnt and there was no salt on my fries. Quite disappointed.	1
209	Love the fact that they allow dining in now.	4
210	"Only drive thru open, didn't want to eat in the car so didn't order anything"	3
211	"Very slow drive thru.  Person at window where you pay was very nice however, the lady at 2nd window didn't even smile."	3
212	"Fast service, clean bathroom, the lady was very nice and helpful. I didn't wait long for my food."	5
213	Drive thru is almost always busy but I never have to wait very long. Employees are sweet too.	5
214	Great place and great food served nice and warm on time.	5
215	Try to rush you while taking orders and not ringing order correctly.	1
216	"Horrible experience. They switched ordertakers halfway thru, got order wrong, over charged me, and still havent heard from anyone like i requested."	1
217	great service theres no play area and the food taste like...mcdonalds like a regular one very pecefull area	4
218	Employees don                           t know there product. Was given something that could have put me in the hospital which 	1
219	Requested freshly brewed coffee. Was told there'd be a small wait & I gladly waited! Only to be served a HOT CUP OF SLUDGE   	1
220	"Absolutely HATE coming here. Slow service, argumentative cashiers, abscent management, and generally an eff you attitude. But it's close and cheap. So meh... It'll make a turd."	1
221	"Never had any issues inside, always had amazing service and friendly staff   "	4
222	Only issue is the sweet tea is never sweet or it just tastes like water other than that everything is good	4
223	"Missing food, used mobile app no way to get refund for missing items in app"	3
224	"Don't go here, don't go here, don't go here.  This place is just a mess to keep it short.  Avoid the hastle"	1
225	The customer in the drive thru was soooooo racist and he did not talked to us he was mean and ignored us.  He was in the first window in Saturday 30 2019 at 10:15 pm.                   	1
226	DO YOU GUYS EVEN CHECK YOUR UBER EATS ORDERS??? WATING ON AN ORDER FOR 35 MIN ONLY TO HAVE IT CANCELLED. Order 0de77	1
227	Worst driver  thru ever missing items then the lady attitude was awe full !! Never coming back!!	1
228	Quick and convenient... Fast food is fast food. Great if quality is expected to be mediocre	4
229	This is one of the better McDonald's locations in Austin. They often have special prices and deals not seen at other locations.	5
230	They can                   	1
231	There food is always cold!!! When you ask for fresh  Fries they gife you the same fries    	1
232	"Even though it is one of the smaller McDonalds, the service is one of the best. Very friendly staff. And location is perfect."	5
233	"This is by far one of the best McDs I have been to. Clean store, friendly service and quality of food."	5
234	"Worst McDonald's. ever when to pick up an order and the drivethru employee was in a terrible mood, was very unrespectful."	1
235	Not bad not great but almost always open	3
236	Some people here don't like to protect others because they don't fully cover their nose and mouth with the masks!	3
237	Milkshake machine not working again  	1
238	Chicken sandwiches just lazily thrown together.  Looks really sloppy.  Have to take apart and line it all up and spread out the veggies.  Your typical McDonald's.	2
239	"Totally blew my order which was not only wrong, but cold as well."	1
240	Everytime even just for 1 item you will spend 10 min in drive thru and still wait another 10 just for your damn order	1
241	Food was cold. Taste like it had sat there for a while.  Very disappointed    	2
242	Not open 24 hours. Only the drive-thru. Dining room actually closes very early at 10pm. Pretty dirty location too.	1
243	I had great experience the manager Michelle was wonderful every friday midnight she is always friendly and fresh food.	5
244	Food was a little cool. Big Mac was dry and lacking ..i like my McDonalds fresh and hot !!	3
245	Alma does not fit the proper image or the standards of a manager.  From hickey's to over excessive make up and unprofessionalism	1
246	Quick and ordera always come out right	4
247	Doing through the drive thru is super fast.  90 seconds or less from order to food in hand!	5
248	Just got back from extremely long drive through. Cold fries and dry old nuggets. Whataburger is around the corner.	2
249	"Dining room still closed, but they                           ve "	4
250	"They had 2 for 4$ McGriddles at the time, what           "	5
251	Had to wait 13 minutes for a sausage biscuit managers real rude ignoras at the front counter had to talk to her in Spanish for her to understand what I was talking about very poor service	1
252	this place has been smelling like a ports potty blew up inside. it's really nasty. food was cold and dry. this location doesn't seem to care.	1
253	Delicious and fast and made correct!	5
254	Good for fast food and they were fast	5
255	"Fast service, nice folks. I eat there often."	5
256	Just got my food I got a number 2 lg I go to eat the burger and it was so pink in the middle fries were cold not a great experience	1
257	Very pleasant staff...always friendly! Prompt service and always hot fries!    	5
258	"Poor experience every single time, there's always something wrong one of their machines, ice cream, coffee makers, ..etc
Poor management ."	1
259	Only compaint is they didnt have restrooms open to public for a short time.	4
260	Consistently a good McDonalds! Food is always hot and they're fast!	5
261	"Terrible service, red at the cashier for 5 min with no response. Decided to just go to whataburger next door"	1
262	"Kept calling you forgot my fries in my order and the sauces for the 20 piece nuggets.
answer your phone. I'm coming back to get my money or fries."	1
263	Even though someone in front of us was yelling at them they were still fast and great people!	5
264	They need to stop hiring so many   Spanish  ppl makes me Donald's look trashy & cheap.&             	1
265	Excellent breakfast sandwiches and Carmel frappes	5
266	"It would be okay if I could communicate with the people that work there
I suppose I am suppose to learn Spanish"	1
267	ALOT smaller inside after the remodel but staff is also ALOT friendlier than they used to be too	4
268	Fast and friendly service clean bathrooms although ice cream  machine is always broken	4
269	No line. Ordered a sweet tea. It was a lil weak.	4
270	This McDonalds gets a minus 10 from me.  The people plus the manager should all be fired.  They are VERY rude and the service is terrible. Sue	1
271	Ordered iced tea and got what tasted like water that was used to clean the coffee pot.  Yuck.	1
272	"It has been many years since I have gone into McDonald's, and this time was no different, I was there to drop off my Redbox rental."	1
273	"Ordered the 2 filet-o-fish for $5 , and they were barely hot."	3
274	Bussin 10/10 must try again	5
275	"It could be so much more.

So much potential.

Such a great location.

Too bad their ingredients are so disgusting."	1
276	Dine in is temporarily closed here we have only take out option...	5
277	"Drive thru very slow, stop bye after work took about 20 minutes to get food and that's at 12:30 am ."	2
278	Service was outstanding food is filling extremely tasty.	4
279	It's McDonald's. I like getting breakfast here it tastes okay and is super convenient and fairly cheap.	3
280	Breakfast steak egg bagel awesome! Loved it! Coffee great to.	5
281	One of the people didn't day have a goodnight and the fries were Lowkey bad lmao	4
282	You have to be more careful and packing up the food through the drive-thru	3
283	McDonald's is McDonald's what great thing's happen here the same menu forever	3
284	Nice friendly people got special order right 1st try.	5
285	"One refill per visit, no ice cream ever, the crew employees are professional though"	3
286	"Order was wrong, French fries were cold and too salty, milk shake was melted"	3
287	Usually they they have the best coffee but yesterday it was watery and not that good	3
288	Great employee's and food was fresh.	5
289	Very hard working people with absolute patience and service and good products.	5
290	Wow what a great way to get the kids together and have a great weekend as well as the rest of the week!	5
291	Very fast and efficient. Will make fresh food	5
292	Great	5
293	This McD is just as bad as the W Parmer/McNeil location. The customer service here is lacking.	1
294	Not as fast as you'd like sometimes but still. And cheaper than some of the other McDonald's around.	3
295	waited an hour to order with 6 cars	1
296	My order is most always incorrect from here when ordering from grub hub	2
297	Great.. fast and friendly service Everytime I come...	5
298	That was the most dry and burnt burger I've ever had. Incompetent employees.	1
299	"Slow, ice cream machine always down, doesn             "	1
300	"Fries tasted like they were cooked in grease from 1946, nuggets horrible, ranch was old"	1
301	Happy meal had molded breed and that corner is more than  obvious	1
302	Very bad service!!	1
303	Just isn't good food. Supersize Me just turned me off the whole chain.	1
304	My grandchildren enjoy coming here.The staff is children friendly.	5
305	Always good food.	5
306	They made my buger right	5
307	First time in McDonalds listening to mexican music and felt like a street taqueria in Tijuana.....eating a burger.	2
308	"Why would you have someone work the cash register and take orders who doesn't speak or understand English, especially at lunch time?"	1
309	Good	4
310	Fast and hot food.  I avoid other McDonalds and go here even if out of my way.	5
311	They put mayo on my sandwich after I told them that I was allergic and they blamed me for not stressing the severity of it ...	1
312	The fries are the best. Please bring back the Hi-c!	2
313	No pride in their service any more...	2
314	Its one of the faster and more accurate McDonald's I've been to.	4
315	Best burgers anywhere. That Honduran beef is the most flavorful	5
316	Always good fast service and hot food	5
317	If i could give negative s i would this location is awful and who locks the doors during business hours with customers in the store?	1
318	Very clean very neat very friendly staff and very hot food!	5
319	Nothing's better than a big mac and fries after work.	5
320	"Completely average; unclean, cheap, cool but occasionally absentminded staff."	3
321	"Unfortunately the owners of this location don't have comprehension of legal vs illegal immigration and closed today, 16FEB2017 with the idea they are somehow helping..."	1
322	Clean place good music on sound system close to discount movies	3
323	"As always, bleh food, but great bathrooms."	3
324	They are good on certain days	3
325	a good place getting ready to remodel sovservice is slow	4
326	Literally                     	1
327	"The dining is NOT 24hrs, only the drive thru is"	2
328	Consistent quality products..remodeled store!	4
329	It's McDonald's.. fast service with a tummy ache later	3
330	Found a piece of gum in my food! Will never come here again	1
331	Asked me to leave saying my dog was not allowed on their outdoor patio	2
332	The 1st McDonald's I have been to in one year that is as clean as  Whistle	5
333	Sometimes you don't get your order right	3
334	Great customer service from the drive through	4
335	4 they wouldn't allow my service dog in	2
336	Clean restaurant and fast service. Ok food.	3
337	"Decently run location, ice cream machine seems to be broken all the time."	4
338	Fast service using drive through	5
339	Bad service.  Took forever to get the food.	1
340	The facility was clean and the food was great.	5
341	"They forgot the side in the kids meal, and noone will answer the phone."	3
342	Food is always cold...and the people behind the counter are rude...	1
343	Fast drive thru service love it	5
344	Junk fast food never good for you..	1
345	Only taking cash and I sat in the drive thru for over 30 minutes.	1
346	Its McDonald's. Services was okay. Chicken patties are small	3
347	Service good time visiting with family ****** wonderful	5
348	Solid McDonalds. I go here a lot and never had an issue	4
349	Weird location but the food is okay.	3
350	"Good food, especially late"	4
351	Super fast drive thru	4
352	Burger is stale	3
353	"It's a little sketchy, there is a small encampment nearby"	2
354	"Fresh and hot, can't ask for more than that"	4
355	All employees should be fired and re hire non idiots	1
356	Always a nice quick meal or snack...	4
357	McMuffins ! Fast breakfast that sticks with you    	5
358	Cheaper than other McDonald's in the area	4
359	Fries were stale and customer service was poor	2
360	"Friendly staff, quick service and clean."	4
361	Manager was rude.. staff is very unprofessional	1
362	Yummy.	5
363	Great service and fast food	4
364	They don                	1
365	It's great for a quick meal	4
366	Faster than others	5
367	My favorite spot    	5
368	Just gross.  I want to throw up but can't.	1
369	Best and fastest drive through in the morning	5
370	They are fast and the order is correct.	5
371	"Good food, inexpensive prices."	5
372	Had my breakfast chicken sandwich delievered with a smile.	5
373	Not really a McDonald's fan but the locations good	3
374	"Great food,  chicken nuggets are awesome"	5
375	Fairly quick food service.	4
376	Good sausage egg and cheese biscuit.	4
377	"It's  Micky ds, what do you expect?"	4
378	Very good	5
379	Sees like it's been sitting under a heating lamp. Eh.	3
380	Friendly service and clean restrooms.	5
381	Takes 30 minutes to go through the damn drive through	1
382	Good food as always... MURIKA!!!	3
383	They always forget something smh	3
384	Beautiful fast customer service.	4
385	Great management. Fast and Accurate!	5
386	Food is gross but it's cheap	2
387	My mother loves the pancakes !	5
388	Customer service needs a lot of work.	3
389	Love them French fries	5
390	Always good fast service	4
391	Bad attitude from the people over there	1
392	As good as you can expect!	4
393	Love their breakfast sandwich	5
394	"It's McDonald's. That's it. There's a kiosk in the front, so yeah."	3
395	Tasty! Excellent customer service!	5
396	Great place clean rooms	5
397	Great service everyone was sweet	5
398	Great service.	5
399	Fast service and friendly staff	5
400	Fast accurate and hot food.	5
401	"It's McDonald's.  Like every other McDonald's. No more, no less."	3
402	Place was not clean..tables or floor	2
403	Take forever and something is always not working	1
404	This store is always so cold	4
405	"Clean,  friendly. And best service"	5
406	It's what you expect from a McDonalds.	3
407	Excellent Drummer	5
408	Fast drive thru service.  Food by McDonald's	5
409	No play place. Long wait times.	1
410	"Service Is awful, employees are rude."	1
411	Fast fresh friendly	3
412	Order was wrong an overcharged me.	2
413	Never have the milkshake machine operating	1
414	My son loves the fries	4
415	"Order not right, cleanliness  b+"	3
416	Get my food wrong like half the time	3
417	Very nice service.	5
418	Great food it was amazing	5
419	Kids....no need to say more.	5
420	One of our favorites	5
421	Nice experience works fine	4
422	Fast drive thru service	5
423	Dipped cones on a hot day!	4
424	The employees seem       	3
425	Good food and good service	5
426	Staff is kind	4
427	Good food and good service	5
428	Good se	5
429	Yas self serve kiosks!	5
430	My food was cold	1
431	"Its McDonald's, what do you expect?"	2
432	"Dirty front area, lots of flies.."	2
433	Very bad chicken burgers	1
434	Fresh food. Surprisingly.    	4
435	Good food	5
436	Fast food	5
437	Excellent	5
438	Eh.. is all I got sadly	1
439	"Dirty bathrooms, overall lackluster..."	2
440	It's a McDonald's... you know what you are getting.	3
441	It's about the same as most McDonald's.	3
442	Hot fresh fish sandwiches	5
443	Golden arches are becoming tarnished	3
444	Quick service	4
445	Always long lines...	3
446	Great customer service	5
447	It's McDonald's what don't we know	4
448	Terrible over the phone experience.	2
449	It's McDonald's food what else can I say?	3
450	Food hot	5
451	Buns were stale.	2
452	Very nice	3
453	Consistent across the brand	4
454	No wraps available	3
455	They were quick	5
456	Great outdoor atmosphere	4
457	Good environment and clean	3
458	The food was horrible!	1
459	Free ice cream with the app	4
460	Pretty darn good	5
461	great service and quick	4
462	McDonald's as you would expect it to be.	3
463	Free refills on soda.	3
464	Good	5
465	clean	4
466	Nice place to eat	5
467	Very busy	2
468	Ok	3
469	Breakfast was nice	5
470	Slow	3
471	Great service	4
472	It's McDonald's what else can I say	3
473	Forgot my nuggets	2
474	Fast food delivery	5
475	Quick	4
476	Nice staff.	5
477	Fast.	5
478	Love this location!	5
479	It was ok	3
480	Fast.	3
481	Wish they smiled...	3
482	Food was cold	3
483	Fast cheap eats.	5
484	Good service    	4
485	So. Really slow.	2
486	People were friendly	4
487	Fast and friendly	4
488	Not the same as it use to be	2
489	Love the oatmeal.	3
490	Everything was great	5
491	Service  was good	4
492	Loving it	5
493	Just like McDonald's	2
494	Nice	4
495	Mid	2
496	Great service	4
497	It's a burger place.	3
498	It was just McDonald's.	4
499	Gross.	1
500	"Its McDonald's, it's boring"	3
501	Tasty as usual	5
502	Ok	3
503	Ok	4
504	Ok	4
505	Great service	4
506	Goood good good	3
507	Yummy	5
508	Bad for you	1
509	Yummy	5
510	Clean and friendly	4
511	Always good	4
512	Horrible service	1
513	Really slow	1
514	Ok	2
515	Friendly staff	4
516	Ok	3
517	Good	3
518	Bad service	1
519	Good for a McDonalds	3
520	Fast and easy	3
521	Good service	5
522	Good	5
523	Awful	1
524	Haha never	1
525	fast and cheap	5
526	Rude	1
527	so lit was dank	5
528	My gbaby PLACE	3
529	Ok its McDonald's!!	5
530	Rude employees	2
531	Food	4
532	Average	3
533	decent breakfast	5
534	Okay	3
535	Friendly	3
536	HORRIBLE	1
537	It was mcds.	3
538	Okay	3
539	What you think	1
540	Norm	3
541	It's Mc Donald's	3
542	American icon   	5
543	Fast food fast	4
544	Bad staff	1
545	Excellent!!	5
546	As expected	5
547	It's McDonald's.	5
548	It's McDonald's.	5
549	Its McDonald's...	4
550	Consistency	5
551	Awesomeness	4
552	It was McDonald's	1
553	Breakfast baby	4
554	It's MacDonald's	3
555	alls i gotta say...no no no yes	5
556	Terrible service!!! they don't give you everything you asked for and apart from their ineptitude they get upset because you go for what you paid for the net if they don't want to work don't go!!! Do not waste time and review the orders well before delivering them	1
557	It is a good place for one to eat something quick and simple	5
558	Excellent burger place!!! They offer you very good service and are very friendly and offer you all the help they can. And the place is nice and very clean!!!	5
559	"If you think about your health, not so much...                         "	3
560	This week I went twice for coffee I ask for it with cream and sugar and it came to work and the coffee without sugar what a courage	1
561	Excellent	5
562	Excellent place and excellent staff	5
563	You can buy food and eat. Very tasty hot chocolate here.	4
564	all ok	5
565	Very good attention and they speak Spanish	5
566	     g        his f                                         	2
567	There is always a McDonald's on my way I like	5
568	"It's really bad, there's nothing"	1
569	"Good customer service, impeccable..."	5
570	"Excellent service, I recommend"	5
571	"Dollar menu, chicken burgers and normal very tasty.."	5
572	To kill hunger at any time	5
573	Excellent atention	5
574	Excellent place! careful attention!	5
575	"Salad, very good and fast."	5
576	neat. Promptness and care. Good	4
577	I love macchiken	5
578	Neutral	3
579	Excellent 	5
580	Excellent 	5
581	Good service	4
582	Neutral	3
583	Good 	4
584	Excellent 	5
585	made mistakes with orders.	1
586	Excellent 	5
587	very good burgers	5
588	Poor 	2
589	Excellent 	5
590	Good 	4
591	Excellent 	5
592	Good 	4
593	Poor 	2
594	waiting time was too long	1
595	disappointing 	1
596	Speed	5
597	Excellent 	5
598	Neutral	3
599	Excellent 	5
600	Excellent 	5
601	Excellent 	5
602	more or less	3
603	I love	5
604	Renovated	3
605	        	5
606	Poor 	2
607	excellent care	5
608	Excellent 	5
609	They are fast	5
610	Regular	3
611	Excellent 	5
612	Good 	4
613	Excellent 	5
614	Excellent 	5
615	Good 	4
616	Good 	4
617	Neutral	3
618	Excellent 	5
619	Excellent 	5
620	Excellent 	5
621	Neutral	3
622	Good 	4
623	Good 	4
624	Neutral	3
625	Excellent 	5
626	"The staff was disorganized and confused,"	1
627	Excellent 	5
628	Excellent 	5
629	Good 	4
630	Poor 	2
631	Excellent 	5
632	Excellent 	5
633	Poor 	2
634	Poor 	2
635	Excellent 	5
636	Good 	4
637	Poor 	2
638	Good 	4
639	Neutral	3
640	Poor 	2
641	Good 	4
642	Excellent 	5
643	Good 	4
644	Excellent 	5
645	Good 	4
646	Good 	4
647	ugly burgers	2
648	Excellent 	5
649	Excellent 	5
650	Neutral	3
651	Excellent 	5
652	Neutral	3
653	Excellent 	5
654	Good 	4
655	Good 	4
656	Excellent 	5
657	 staff was rude and dismissive	1
658	Neutral	3
659	Excellent 	5
660	Poor 	2
661	Neutral	3
662	 waiting time was longer than expected	1
663	Excellent 	5
664	Neutral	3
665	Excellent 	5
666	Excellent 	5
667	Excellent 	5
668	Excellent 	5
669	Excellent 	5
670	Poor 	2
671	Excellent 	5
672	Neutral	3
673	Poor 	2
674	Neutral	3
675	Excellent 	5
676	Poor 	2
677	Good 	4
678	Good 	4
679	Good 	4
680	Excellent 	5
681	Excellent 	5
682	Excellent 	5
683	Neutral	3
684	Neutral	3
685	Excellent 	5
686	Excellent 	5
687	Excellent 	5
688	Good 	4
689	Neutral	3
690	Excellent 	5
691	Good 	4
692	Excellent 	5
693	Excellent 	5
694	Excellent 	5
695	Excellent 	5
696	Good 	4
697	Poor 	2
698	Poor 	2
699	Excellent 	5
700	Neutral	3
701	 waiting time was longer than expected	1
702	Excellent 	5
703	Excellent 	5
704	Neutral	3
705	Excellent 	5
706	Excellent 	5
707	Excellent 	5
708	Excellent 	5
709	Excellent 	5
710	Not good	1
711	Neutral	3
712	Neutral	3
713	Excellent 	5
714	Excellent 	5
715	Excellent 	5
716	Excellent 	5
717	Excellent 	5
718	Good 	4
719	Neutral	3
720	Excellent 	5
721	Good 	4
722	Neutral	3
723	Excellent 	5
724	Excellent 	5
725	sad	1
726	Neutral	3
727	Neutral	3
728	sad	1
729	Excellent 	5
730	bad	1
731	Good 	4
732	Excellent 	5
733	unmotivated staff 	1
734	Good 	4
735	Excellent 	5
736	Good 	4
737	Neutral	3
738	Excellent 	5
739	Neutral	3
740	Excellent 	5
741	Neutral	3
742	Bad	1
743	Good 	4
744	Poor 	2
745	Neutral	3
746	Neutral	3
747	Excellent 	5
748	Good 	4
749	Excellent 	5
750	Excellent 	5
751	Good 	4
752	Neutral	3
753	Excellent 	5
754	Excellent 	5
755	Excellent 	5
756	Good 	4
757	Good 	4
758	Good 	4
759	Bad	1
760	Bad	1
761	Neutral	3
762	Excellent 	5
763	Good 	4
764	Good 	4
765	Neutral	3
766	Excellent 	5
767	Neutral	3
768	Neutral	3
769	Good 	4
770	Neutral	3
771	Neutral	3
772	Excellent 	5
773	Neutral	3
774	Excellent 	5
775	Neutral	3
776	Good 	4
777	Good 	4
778	Good 	4
779	Excellent 	5
780	Neutral	3
781	Bad	1
782	Neutral	3
783	Excellent 	5
784	Excellent 	5
785	Excellent 	5
786	Poor 	2
787	Neutral	3
788	Poor 	2
789	Good 	4
790	Good 	4
791	Excellent 	5
792	Excellent 	5
793	Good 	4
794	Bad	1
795	Neutral	3
796	Excellent 	5
797	Bad	1
798	Bad	1
799	Good 	4
800	Poor 	2
801	"Horrible customer service! Ordered 2 large fries. They had so much salt on them they were inedible! had to be thrown out . There was even salt on my front car seat! Looked like employee dumped an entire box of salt on them! I live 15 miles away. Took pictures to show manager ""Bridgit"" next time I returned.  She would not make good! Zero s!"	1
802	"Not only did my whole family and I wait on the drive through line for more than 20min but the fact that my burger came in a weird ate out way and the fries were salty soggy, and disgusting. NEVER again will I spend my money here with this type of food and service during the night hours."	1
803	"Not worth the effort to get in and out of construction to wait for old food.
Only went there twice. The food is never fresh.  Chicken sandwich was shriveled and dry like it had been sitting for hours after being over cooked to begin with. There was a small drop of mayo on it and the bun was stale. First time I figured was a one off but the second time I ordered 20 nuggets and fries and a milkshake.  They didn't give a receipt then told me to go park to wait for the food to be ready.  There were no spots open that I could access and the cashier just said 'do whatever' and walked away.  I waited for the car in front of me to move so I could pull around the building and get into a spot but asked first about my shake.  She said they'll bring it.  Waited a few min honestly not long but then they forgot my milkshake and asked me very curtly 'well do you have a receipt? ' clearly not.  Eventually they brought out the shake but fries were old and cold and the shake was melted."	4
804	"I used the drive thru today.
It was quick.
Free off street parking lot.
Building was clean and well maintained.
To pay the clerk put the card reader outside so I could put my own card in the machine.
Safe I guess?
Food was typical McDonald's food. Good
Warm. Not Hot.
Had #9 Large with a Diet Coke.
2 Cheeseburgers and FF
And a LG Soda."	5
805	No one cares about walk-ins anymore. Staff only give all of their attention to the drive-through. Can't even dine in anymore. My kids had to wait nearly 5 min just to ask for ketchup. Everyone was in the back and by the drive-through window.	1
806	"Brodheadsville, Pa.

Last time this location forgot my wife                           s soda. I                           m disabled and can                           t stand long so I take advantage of the curbside delivery through the app. They don                           t have salads anymor"	2
807	Ordered early with a mobile app to have waited for 30 minutes for a breakfast sandwich. I was on a 15 minute work break . Enough said. Incompetent staff built by children. Neglected store with absolutely neglected issues. My soda didn't even have flavor in it.	1
808	Location was clean and modern. Staff were frienldy and efficient. What stood out here the most was the quality of the food preparation. It was almost as if I made it myself and it tasted great. Prices were good too. Highly recommend.	5
809	awful service fries were cold cheese burger was cold and now they charge for honey mud. don                        	1
810	My food sucked. My french fries were cold and only half full. Not to mention that they charged me 25 dollars and had to wait 20 minutes. What rip off.	1
811	"Food came out at different times for a dine in. Then it was wrong sandwich like usual for a McDonald's. But what put this over the top was the employee's. 1 female worker came out screaming somebody stole $200 from her purse, then the manager acted like  she wasn't even there. Extremely wrong way to act or even pose as a manager. Then the Boyfriend came in of the victim employee and they called the cops on him because he demanded his girlfriend money to be rightfully returned. Meanwhile 2 other employee's stated that they had money stolen from the as well over the last few weeks. Definitely not a well run establishment or managed. I'd highly recommend not eating inside this place. And keep yourself locked in your car. You might get robbed by an employee."	3
812	They looked so gross from the t. They weren't even warm. They taste just as bad as they look. I also got a quarter pounder. Cheese is half on and half off the sandwich. The only good thing was the fries.	1
813	"Curbside is unavailable for all hours.
McDonald's app freezes in order screen frequently at this particular location...,I have great service with AT&t and new phones so I don't think it's on my end.
I have had multiple issues with old orders trying to reprocess old orderss here ,& leading to wrong food being ready at the window staff more interested in proving to me that what came through from the app was what they prepared. 4 chicken nuggets for three people. Is not adequate. They did not offer to even take a new order. I left with NO food"	2
814	Children make bad employees and simple tasks like filling the fries all the way up don't happen and salt isn't added.	3
815	"Awful service ignored for over 5 minutes.  When we asked if someone would wait on us, we were ignored. To busy talking with each other"	1
816	"It was terrible...again. This location just can't get things right or serve anything decent. The sandwich pictured was supposed to be a double quarter pounder w/ cheese.
Only one dried out, overdone and broken patty with cheese barely on the burger. I attempted to call...phone just rings and rings and then goes to fax noise."	1
817	"Dirty windows, long wait for person to take order & got sick shortly after eating. Worst McDonalds I     "	1
818	"My go to McDonald's                                      The staff is always polite and I will keep coming back!

Well tonight sucked, 25min wait in a spot for my food to come out:( I'll be"	3
819	The food was cold. Had to ask for cups that came with our meals. Won't be going back	1
820	Very clean place. Pleasant to be there. I noticed that meat quality could be better.	5
821	"Orders were shorted 2 times in a row.
Given issues prior times on proof meals were ordered. Sad state of affairs."	1
822	Horrible customer service. Came here for breakfast and the employees are angry/rude and hate their job. They were annoyed the moment they asked me what my order was. I regret coming here and never will again. They forgot to give me my hash browns and were so upset and angry when I told them they forgot and they even denied it. Food was cold. Horrible experience.	1
823	Very clean and polite people here. They did mix up my pie order but was refunded .	4
824	Fast and always get the orders right. All you can ask for.	5
825	It's not the best like it was 2 years ago but not as bad as it has been in the past.   They have to work out the mobile app ordering. They lose orders plus app says they're out of food.	2
826	Sorry to rate you a two but just 12 years ago you would of been rated a five. You changed your fries and they are thinner and not as good and when you got a spicy chicken sandwich it was a spicy patty and came with lettuce and tomato now it is a crispy chicken patty with spicy sauce and pickles where is the lettuce and tomato oh you have to order a deluxe.  You are getting cheaper with the food and the prices go up. Not pleased very disappointed.	2
827	"I was glad to hear McDonald's lowered their coffee & frappe prices & they were having a special sale. I had to repeat a simple two step iced coffee order SEVERAL times. The drive thru worker was distraught as I gave back 1st one made wrong. Another employee finished order, by running out to car. I questioned the workers about the cost & size of my drink (all 3aid it was med size - turned out to be a SMALL) & they ""got me"" a few weeks ago on that. Girl who ran out order was ONLY ONE who acted professionally & provided great customer service. SADLY, the iced coffee prices are low because drink is so small, if they could charge a fair price they would have a new regular!    "	2
828	"$10 for breakfast???? Never again!! I'll make my own at home!! Ordered #2ausage McMuffin with egg, 2 hash browns, small coffee. Requested 2 creamers and 6 sugars on the side. What I get?? Cream and sugar already mixed in. Guess they don't pay attention to what they're hearing over the headsets."	2
829	"If I could give this place a ZERO I would!!! Nasty employees, no type of customer service!!!! They need to revamp their managerial team!!!!!!"	1
830	"We grab late night on occasion Fries always hot and and fresh.
Maybe we are just lucky.
Could be a little warmer inside."	5
831	"Manager went out of her way during a rush to get apple pies in and out for my kids, exception service."	5
832	"Drive thru experience was bad, they got our order wrong or gave our order to someone else.  When I addressed this after waiting for over 10 minutes they said,                            yeah we        "	2
833	"Normally food is good.this morning had to go to a funeral early. We got an order of pancakes (cold), 4 egg McMuffins, had sausage inside, 2ausage and cheese cold. 2 cold light, got 1 black the other no sugar. Got to the window was told move up. Waited 15 minutes for food was told by the person you are being served by a maintenance man enjoy."	1
834	"We had a issue with a missing item on our previous order, When we went back to the Store- the Manager Lucas took care of it and was very polite and provided the best customer service. If you have an issue ask for Lucas, he is a good Manager . Thank you"	5
835	"Went through the drive through went fairly quick. Order was correct. No napkins, didn't ask if we wanted ketchup or any condiments when given our food. Chicken nuggets were barely warm and a little bitter due to oil needing to be changed. The guy that took our order did as what dipping sauce we wanted though!!! Bun for the Quarter Pounder was stale and loaded with a lot of big, thick onions!!! Had to throw most of onions away!!! Average experience nothing to brag about though!!!"	3
836	The food was barely warm. The cheese was cold and hard. They threw my bag of food up on the counter. What a dysfunctional restaurant.	2
837	Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. Staff was rude and disinterested and playing around with each other and getting drinks and walking around outside while customers waited forever for food. All booths were dirty and the chicken nuggets were exceptionally inedible. Almost like they were dropped in oil twice to be reheated. I had to give a  to write a review otherwise they would've gotten a zero.	1
838	"They're pretty good at not forgetting any items but thr other day they forgot my large fries and got charged for it.  To the wonderful woman during the early shift in  window 2 Thank you for always being so attentive and friendly,  you rock!    "	3
839	They can't even make a sandwich the way that should be all ways missing something or just a big mess	1
840	Not my                            go to                            fast food place to eat but it                           s on the way home so why not. I                           ve been to this McDonald       	1
841	"Order was total wrong,pancakes cold, bacon raw and cold, coffee black, 4 egg mcmuffins wrong, cold.
The person at the drive-thru was rude, at 6:30 am there is no need to curse. We were told to move forward the food wasn't done. We waited 20 minutes for pancakes, 4 egg mcmuffins, 2ausage mcmuffins 2coffees nasty 2 orange juice warm. When we got our food it was brought to us by the maintenance man."	1
842	"DON'T trust this location. They charged $41 on my card when I bought ONE item in the drive-thru. Manager was rude and short when I tried to disputed it after seeing the charge and would not help. In addition, quality of the food has been sub par on other visits, usually lukewarm, with fries that had obviously sat for a long time. Go elsewhere, there are other fast food locations close by."	1
843	"This McDonalds sucks. From the moment we walked in before saying anything the lady at the counter had a bad attitude and rushed our order. Then we got it and they forgot our hash browns and coffee. I told them that they were missing items but then the lady insisted and had to look through our bags, then a lady shouted to me                   "	1
844	Fine service.  Gave me the wrong meal.	3
845	Well i order a crispy chicken sandwich small fry and a coke. Normally I look in the bag this time I just reached in for a fry. When I get home I find 10 piece nugget two BBQ sauces and a double cheese burger. I was to far to go back so I ate 5 nuggets and half the burger. Check your food people I was very disappointed but my dogs were thrilled.	2
846	"Wait for a bit for 2 Double cheeseburgers                                     
I didn't Waste my time letting the CHILDREN know they can't count.  2ingles I drove away with were a d"	1
847	"Ordered quite a bit of food. Never got the order, we ordered. Asked several times for them to check it, they said they did! Came home and found they forgot at least 2 main items. No napkins and forgot straw for drink. Oh yeah, lid on drink was not on properly.  Very upset                                      by the entire"	1
848	Updated 6/27/22. This place went downhill fast.  New mgr left and people there now don't care. Food is badly made. Original review from 2020: New manager runs a nice shop!  Much different than before.  Employees actually want to work and help customers.  Definitely improved.	1
849	Unfortunately McDonald's prices aren't worth the food you get.	3
850	"The price of the breakfast here is very ridiculous. $9.00 for a hash brown, sausage egg and cheese mcmuffin, and a small orange. Never again.  "	1
851	"Haven't ate McDonald's in 3 years, got a breakfast sandwich and I must say thanks for switching the egg and the crispy bacon, they listened to me and did what I wanted! I'm impressed."	4
852	Utterly DISGUSTING! Fix your septic. Someone needs to call the health department on them. You wait in the drive through and it smells like raw sewage. Nasty!	1
853	"Went for my rare self indulgent treat and was thoroughly disappointed. I used the Mobil app but still had to pay when I went to the window and was offered no reasonable explanation. Took twenty minutes for them to serve three cars. My order was incorrect, coke tasted way off and the sandwich looked like it was thrown in the box from across the room."	1
854	Salads are not sold there anymore and neither are grilled chicken sandwiches but I think that is common in many McDonald's now. I'm gluten free so a salad would have been nice for lunch today. Won't be going back there anytime soon.	3
855	Usually always good but today was a lil different. My girlfriend went thru the drive thru and ordered a 40 piece nuggets and only got a 4 piece. They never read back the order like the people alway did before. So there was no way to correct the mistake. Plus they didn                           	2
856	"I Honestly can not believe that I am going to give the McDonald's in Brodheadsville five/5!!!!
They deserve it they have proven it to us over and over again..  The New Manager (wish I knew her name) has taken this location from a zero/0 s to getting a rating of Five/5 and I know that it could not have been easy. I have picked up dinner her once a week for 8-9 weeks in a row and the FOOD has been great.  Thats a lot considering its a McDonald's. My food when I picked it up was always hot, all the food was there correctly. Everything was well made and put together.  You can tell the new manager has set the standards extremely high at this location and the employees have responded extremely well for her. She deserves a big hand for caring about her staff and customers.
Thank You for Caring.......
Great job!!   Well done!!!!!"	5
857	"Prices are much high than other McDonalds in the area (Wind Gap). Soda always seems off, never tastes the same, or even good. A few of the employees are pleasant, but there are a few who are just rude."	2
858	Slowest place and folks do t care.	2
859	Great place to eat friendly staff	5
860	"The most recent time was great! Fries were hot n crispy. I gave 4 instead of 5 because I'm still thinking about the Time before last, the fries were cold right out the gate."	4
861	"Was able to get dinner in just under 9 minutes from the moment I entered the drive-thru line that was lined up almost to 209 to the moment I was pulling away from the window with my food. My order was accurate, warm, neat, and tasty. The staff were quite pleasant to deal with and very calm, despite the massive dinner rush."	5
862	"Food was hot, prepared properly and delicious. The employees were all helpful and kind. Place was also very clean."	5
863	Always shake machine is down and order thr big breakfast meal that apparently doesnt come with pancakes. Worst service in the world.	1
864	This McDonald's in wind gap has a manager who cares about the customer and about placing a good product out for the customer. The staff there is always friendly and helpful. They also make sure you get your burger how you want it and stacked properly so you can eat it without a big mess in your hands and let's not forget about the hot fries. I have heard her tell her employees to make sure people get hot fries. Nobody does that except for her.  That's why this is the best McDonald's.	5
865	Waiting over 30 minutes for 3 kids meals	1
866	"Food was alright. Wasn't really hot and my husband's bagel was stale. But it was...ok. I guess.

The place was trashed. Not one clean table and garbage everywhere, yet we were the only ones in the place the whole time we ate and very few people were going through drive thru. There were two managers on...no one thought to clean? Can't blame it on being busy...

Cashier was new and a bit rude. We ordered three meals. She rang everything up separate but left off our hash browns. Manager made us pay to get our hash browns. Forget that it was all way more expensive cause of how she rang it up to begin with...then the cashier kept telling the manager in front of us that we never said we wanted meals, even though when I repeatedly told her we wanted meals she kept saying ""sure I can make that a meal for you.""

Completely unprofessional and we left feeling disgusted by the whole experience."	2
867	I went through the drive-through and ordered a double Mac meal. I received a single Mac meal And the food was cold. I drove away and call back and told  Them  my meal was wrong. The manager tells me on my next visit I will receive a complimentary order. NO how about giving me the right order or given me my money back. I gave this McDonald's the benefit of Benefit of the doubt is not my 1st Bad Experience in this McDonald's. But it will be my last as I will never visit this McDonald's again.	1
868	"This McDonald's is the worst in my opinion.   Tonight they forgot the sauce, fries were stale as usual.   Called corporate a few times and they are nice but this McDonald's needs an overhaul on how they do busines . Each time I feel ripped off."	1
869	"This morning after ordering and paying for my food, I waited over 5 minutes in line to get my meal. I was in a rush to get to an appointment so I decided to call to see what was the hold up. Needless to say, the manager Ashleigh that answered the phone was 1. Very rude and 2. She hung up on me after I asked her to have the car in front of me pull up so I can get my meal and leave. When I got to the window, she not only disrespected me but she cursed me out and yelled at me. That is NOT a form of respect especially to a customer and not only that, the ENTIRE staff was fooling around and not getting any of their work done. Very unprofessional and needless to say, I felt very disrespected and disgusted. I have NEVER been treated in such a more disgusting way than this team that was on today. Not only that, she had her little brother Jordan message a family member of mine to complain about my own family members. I didn                           t know they wernprofessional. I don                           t think I will be returning after this. I will gladly take my money and business t"	1
870	"1st let me apologize for butchering the spelling... but Jamizia has this place on lock! Been in twice recently and usually have a difficult order due to picky kids. Both times she made sure my order was perfect! An i still had my order by the time i was done getting drinks! Her management is on point! She was keeping the flow going, directing staff, and made sure all her guest were taken care of promptly! Highly recommend this location!"	5
871	"The people n place are great . It                           s the same deals every day , d"	3
872	"The parking availability is sufficient for customer volume.

I                           m on the fence about this restaurant. I                           ve had terrible service (cold food, old fries, wilted/brown vegetables, bad attitudes, etc.

That being said, I            "	3
873	Quick bit fare price come by	4
874	"I don't know what happened to this place, took me 30 min to get food, then they only gave me half of it. Another 15 min wait, real bizarre behavior there... Idk"	1
875	"Nice, clean, and friendly. The cashier was knowledgeable and patient especially when people could not make up their minds on their food choices.  The food seems better than most McDonald's but not by much."	4
876	"This place is unprofessional and has the worst managers there , all the staff is crazy expecially the managers they are so stupid and look dirty, actually all the staff in front looked dirty. I would never go there I heard the way the managers speak to the staff and I was a Mgr I would never speak to ppl like they do. Only one staff I think his name was Anthony was helpful all the rest were not"	1
877	"I ordered online,  paid..got the code, when I went to pick up the food the lady said they didn't get the order...so I said ok then i will order again...but she didn't want to accept my coupon. Not good experience."	2
878	"Ehhh. Mcdonald really isnt something I do a lot, and last time it wasn't good. Fries were cold, burger sucked. Even my drink was wrong....so I wasnt happy with my last meal here."	2
879	"This is our hometown MCdonalds and between the wife, grandchildren and I we are here twice a week.  Like review I did on the Hamlin MCDonalds, I call this the older style and it's been [ainted over the years and they removed the small playyard it had.  People now are a afraid of ballpits and it was outside so it didn't get used over 6 months of the year.

There is ample seating, but I've seen more with more seating, but we've never been without finding a seat.  Everything is pretty clean and in good order. Walk-in orders are accurate and fast.  Drive in is fast and about 8 times out of 10 they will have it exact.  Some times they get it wrong, but like we say nobody's perfect.

Since it's right on Rt209 it's easy to get in and out of unless your traveling South on 209 then sometimes it's hard to pull out because there's KFC and Subway and an Ice Cream shop across the street so it's a busy little area in Brodheadsville.  Overall it's a nice facility."	4
880	"Somehow I always get overcharged here.
Aside from that.
Had one hamburger literally
One burger ketchup extra pickles patty bread no freaking mud cuz mud don't go on  hamburgers
Anyway I ate it just to go home and vomit It was horrible I was sick the whole rest of the day."	1
881	"I like McDonald                           s, just not this McDonald                           s. The drive thru is a 10 minute wait. Only maybe 4 cars waiting ahead of you. You pay at first window then you pull up to second window. They tell you to pull off to the side in that space and we will bring it to you. An 8 minute wait there.

When you get your food the Coke is flat and"	1
882	Slow service inside take out.for breakfast.. waited over 15 minutes for 2 coffee and a egg mcmuffin. Staff were not very sociable. And didn't explain what was taken so long for wait..been thru this bad service before ..but now I will not be going back	3
883	"I eat fast food maybe once a month. Have been to this McDonalds about a dozen times the past couple years, and literally every single time I've been there, they have screwed something up. These people can't even count FFS, as they gave me TWO crispy tenders in my four piece. It's mind-boggling.

Not to mention, they are ALWAYS out of at least one item I order, and the drive-thru involves pulling off and waiting for 10-15 minutes every single time, even if there is no one in the place. Complete and utter disgrace."	1
884	"Wind Gap, PA location was surprisingly better during COVID 19 because with the interior closed, the drive up was fast and serving fresh food.
The streamlined way allows  serving just the drive up and so, the kitchen staff cooks food for just one area. Probably saves on staff hours.
Just crave those FRIES once in awhile."	4
885	"I don't believe they were busy when we came in and it was subpar... They should be cleaning the tables, sweeping the floor and putting ice in their soda machine."	3
886	"Other than maybe a missing order, usually very nice place, but...I ordered a Quarter Pounder meal for my 8yr old child and she bit into raw meat                "	1
887	"If they took the grease off the burger it would be the 1/8pounder, but the grease soften the rock hard bun (must have been left over from 2016) and don't even get me ted on the fries. If I wouldn't be arrested for assault I would have thrown it at them. Good thing I had the granddaughter with me"	1
888	"My son and I come to this McDonald's about once a month. It's usually pretty clean here, with the exception of a dirty table now and then. That just means they didn't get out there yet! On this trip...our food was great, but there was this little chubby kid who was left st the table with his 2 way young siblings. He was loud and walking the baby and stressing me out! I have him the EVIL EYE!! Hahahaha anyway the food is always good here, bathrooms have always been pretty clean here too.
It's normally fairly quiet here and lots of high school kids in and out. Chubby kid just enhanced our visit!!"	5
889	Food was good  hot a d order was right staff was friendly	5
890	"I always loved McDonald's fries,  but I definitely do not recommend their bacon cheese fries.  Running errands I was so hungry and went to the drive up window ordered the bacon cheese fries,  The Box is so inconvenient to try to get the fries out of without messing your hands up, the cheese was cold,  and there was so much gristle in the bacon."	3
891	"Got the 20 peice mc chicken nuggets and a large fry. The nuggets we're fine, but the Fry's we're stale and that made me sad. The fries can be the best part of the meal. I know that I could have and should have returned them... But I didn't."	4
892	I will never eat at this mc donalds again...the fries were rock hard..i said no onions there was onions on everything and the nuggets were like chewing on tires...food here is trash!!!! Oh..and ask for honey mud sauce...i get 2 ranch and 2weet and sour??	1
893	"Order was simple. LG coffee, 2 egg bacon, cheese biscuits. Cashier didn't use my punch on my app. Plus I had to ask for my coffee, since I saw the pot was full but she never got it. By then sandwich was cold."	1
894	"Went through the drive thru at around 12:30 after coming off a 16 hour shift. Ordered a Big Mac, med fry and a water. Got home and took one bite of the Big Mac, the bread absorbed so much grease that I had grease dripping from both of my hands. The grease from the burger had absorbed into the bread so much that I squeezed the bread and grease dripped from it. The frys were not at all fresh. I threw my meal in the trash where it belonged. Called the store and spoke with John. He apologized and took my name down and I will get a refund but it doesnt help my hunger NOW. Worst encounter with McDonalds ever. And this is why I dont eat there, I'll choose Burger King next time. The carelessness of the staff there really shows and the food they produced tonight was among the worst I have ever seen in the food industry."	1
895	"Ok so I went through the drive through. So as usual I checked to make sure everything was their. The past experience has tough me to do this. Nothing like getting home and surprise something is missing.
To my surprise $2.00 for a salad rotten lettuce and dried out carrots. The salad was dated tomorrow. It should have been thrown out, like I did two days. Had I seen it at the counter. I wouldn                           t have bought it. Must be the tariff has kicked in on potatoes. The were very few fries. About a good size hand full.
What was with the 2 barbecue sauce in the bottom of the bag. These owner operates crying poverty all the way to "	1
896	"Food was very fast, fresh, and hot.  The whole place was packed.  Very clean.  I was impressed.  I ordered and they called my number before I even walked over to get my drink .  I used the bathroom before I left and it was even clean."	5
897	Food order wrong and cold! This place is on a downward spiral. Used to love coming here because my order WAS hot when I got it and correct! My sister and I go on french fry dates and McDonald's fries are our favorite. Hard to find good McDonald's fries any more. #hatescoldfries	2
898	"Always consistantly good food at a good price. I like the breakfast choices. The fries are the best of any fast food restaurant period. I've read articles, how they selectively choose and then sign contracts with potato farmers to insure the quality and taste is maintained throught all the locations. I wish they would deep fry the apple pies as they did years ago, they were the best when fried. Good service, always have the food choices in stock. clean seating area, kitchen, and bathrooms Enjoy."	4
899	They got 2 out or 3 wrong	3
900	"Worst mcdonald's around.  Workers are rude and the orders are always wrong. And don't even think about complaining. Because they will get in your face and curse at you. Very unprofessional. Don't waste your time going there, food is cold, most of the time, or you're missing an item. Needs to be shut down."	1
901	Nice to sit inside after 2years. The tables didn't look sanitized after people had eaten  I could see grease and crumbs left behind  Also very disappointed they have no salads	4
902	"By far the worst of the franchise. This location does not sell McDonald's recipes or guidelines. 2 times i made a u-turn for over salted fries that can't be eaten for the amount of salt put on them. The burgers are not built to McD recipes they appear slopped together and backwards. To top it off the packing is without care. They mix multiple orders in different bags where another petson has to dig food out of another bagto putmy meal together. This is serious ignorance, laziness and incompetence management to say the least! Need more prople to contact corporate about this location..."	1
903	Evening shift gave us warm fresh food.Surroundings/parking lot was Very clean. To top it off we got a super great Window person.	5
904	"According to both Google and the corporate website the drive thru at this location is 24 hours. I have gone there multiple times recently to find cars parked in the lot, lights on in the building, and the drive thru signs lit only to wait several minutes with no acknowledgment. I even pulled around to the window and honked and still received no response."	1
905	Staff was very courteous about the long wait. Management is responsible for the situation. Shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes for fast food at 8:40 am. Not the first time.	1
906	"They are very polite, quick and the food is good."	5
907	"The bun was dry, the fries weren't the same. I'll pass! But the Hi-C orange was good."	2
908	It's McDonald's for the love of God get the order right 1st of all 2nd of all put some napkins and utensils in the bag salt and pepper wouldn't kill you what apparently don't go to the drive-through because you orders not gonna get done right and egg mcmuffin should not look like to sources rig muffins then you go inside and it takes you another 20 minutes to get U dam order it's McDonald's for the love of God just pay attention I understand the pool that you have to pick from for help is very thin and limited	2
909	"My Son works here, so of course customer service, and the cooking of food items is outstanding    "	5
910	Who would                          	1
911	LOVE THE                                      FRIES! TYPICAL FAST FOOD DINE-	3
912	"Time for McDonald's to open their doors for indoor seating.
Pricing is getting out of hand as well.  Can go to red Robin for $5 more and sit down to eat."	2
913	This place is always so slow. Went through the drive-thru with only 3 cars in front of me. Took 20 minutes to get my food and they had four drinks prepared on the counter but mine wasn't one of them. Almost charged me for the wrong order too since they don't seem to be able to keep track of them well.	2
914	The lobby is open but you stand there for quite some time before your order gets taken. All attention is on drive thru	2
915	I went through the drive-through or two chicken nuggets and a root beer with no ice the chicken nuggets with ice cold and the rupiah had a double lid on it and when I drink it spilled about a third of it on my shirt it wasn't properly put in place	4
916	Location has gone down hill the night workers are super inconsistent and lazy. They manage to take the persons order behind me before me and then never took my order. I pulled around to order and they told me to go back around after waiting for 15 mins. Don        	1
917	"Pretty good food, I always get mcflurries, they never have a broken machine and if they do I've never had an encounter with it."	4
918	"You used to be able to get multiple Travis Scott special at a discount.  Now the J. Balvin Special is one per downloaded app to get the McFlurries for free.  All other orders are at 12 dollars a pop, u need to check ur order.  Short on fries and the McFlurries were half filled.  Totally disappointed."	1
919	"Pretty much the worst McDonald                           s I                           ve ever had, and I             "	1
920	Not bad	3
921	5 cars pulled over waiting for orders. Suddenly a burger and fries is too hard.	1
922	Staff was great food was  a little  old but what do expect from mcdonalds? This is why we don't eat there often.	4
923	Ppl are great. They take pride in their workand they get special orders correct. Always pleasant. You can never get tired of kind and friendly service and they are open 24hrs. Yay to McDonald's!	5
924	construction out front makes it difficult to get in and out	4
925	It always takes a long time to get the food sometimes they are rude	3
926	Manager was incredibly rude to my husband when he tried to place an order through the drive thru.	1
927	They are doing good even though they are VERY short staffed. It took 15mins in total to get our food.	3
928	Terrible as usual. 1 out of 10 when it comes to getting a good meal.  Slow slow slow service.  Stale fries again. Worst McDonald's in the area.  Terrible fries as usual. Feel ripped off.	1
929	Of the fries we got they were cold. The small bad had about 10 if that. They did not add the ranch or BBQ sauce that we asked for. Horrible!	1
930	The staff delivered the best customer service anyone could ever ask for. The environment was very clean.Fast check out. Good job guys.	5
931	My daughter and I went to get slushies but they couldn't make slushies or shakes cause their machines were down.	1
932	Food was fine tho I have reason to believe it was spit in. Also when I requested the inspection report (as the sign clearly specifies) I was given a nasty look and was completely ignored by the cashier named Greta.	2
933	Worst customer service ever will not return. Food was cold and frys not cooked properly. Bread had mold on it	1
934	"To McDonald's which has changed drastically for the better. You can have breakfast all day long. Breakfast very large for onky $6 something had scrambked eggs, hash brown sausage patty , biscuit and 3 pancakes. New Quarter Pounder has been made up differently with lettuce and tomato now. Still a great place to go low costs and good quality."	5
935	good food BUT they need to be more careful at the drive thru- Forgetting parts of an order when someone doesn't live in direct vicinity can be a real hassle.	3
936	"I've been coming here for years, but this was the first time they screwed up my order.  I would give it a higher rating if they didn't take out the play area."	3
937	the staff is unbelievably rude and we had to wait 30 min for assistance #hurd	1
938	"No shakes or ice cream again, and no sign to inform. Long lines only to learn they do not have what I stopped in the purchase.    "	1
939	Great experience good food good staff that are usually pretty patient with the nonsense	4
940	The dining room was open very clean very fast food was nice and hot Bada Butta dat' data McDonald's I enjoyed it during thiese pandemic times it was freasher than normal thank you	4
941	"They mess up my coffee order kind of often, which is why I stopped going to Dunkin. But at least at McDonald's they kind of own the mistake and apologize."	3
942	"Their Customer Service is top notch.
Absolutely Loved it"	5
943	Didn't have kid meals toys. Brought 8 kids to eat & no toys for none. Also looked like 2 employees was high off drugs. Will never eat there again. Maybe no McDonald's	1
944	Great in and out no problem	5
945	Screw up my order 90% of the time when I go through drive thrue. BK is right next door. I just go there now	1
946	"Quick counter service even while the drive thru was busy!  Good McD's burgers,  just the way we expect,  no surprises."	5
947	I tried their apple fritter today. It was hard and dry. Tasted OK. They shouldn't serve them day old.	3
948	We just orders 2 bacon smoke houses and one only has 3mall pieces of bacon and 2 really small pieces of onion very little sauce. Thsecond was cold	1
949	Great hot Caramel Latte! It was perfect. Hot and tasty. Quick service with a smile.	5
950	The Google info says open 24 hours. It's not. Pulled up at 530am and just sat to use wifi. After a little while the morning crew came in and out up cones on all the parking spots near me. It was very strange.	2
951	Biscuits are still tasty. Portions are smaller.  Prices are higher.	3
952	"Mornings are their best time, anytime when lunch ts after expect your order to be screwed up even if it's only 2andwiches. Happens every to every other time but it's the only McDonald's around us."	3
953	It's an MCD they are all kinda the same	4
954	Morning staff is good....afternoon/evening is a different story. They take the fast out of fast food!	2
955	Went to McDonald's yesterday fast friendly service order was done correctly!	5
956	Waited at drive through for about 30 mins and I was only the 3rd car away from pick up window. Very nice staff but the wait was frustrating	3
957	This is a 1st. Usually I have a problem but the worker named Mega did my order correctly & she was super nice!	5
958	The food handlers were picking up the plastic bag of shack mix with gloves off of the FLOOR on then going back to food handling. You've got to be kidding me. What are you wearing gloves for?	2
959	Waited literally 10 minutes for a steak egg and cheese bagel. Would of rather went to Wawa and it would of been faster and healthier.	1
960	Restaurant 42 the worst and the dirtiest trays that they put your food on that I've ever seen complained about it before and nobody has done anything about it as of yet so if it's restaurant 42eat at your own risk so if you're looking for a place to eat at McDonald's ask if it's restaurant 42 before you orderthey tell me tell me to come back and you'll make it right how's it going to do that when  they don't know it's me coming back	1
961	"Just okay food; nothing spectacular.  Chicken was bland and not seasoned enough.   Also, meat was on the skimpy side considering the chicken dinner is $10 and Chivo (or goat) is $14!"	3
962	"Staff at this location are always friendly, and the food is hot and fresh."	5
963	"For a fast food burger,  the quarter  pound deluxe was actually pretty good. Not like back yard grilling, decent."	3
964	Super clean inside! And service was fast..... Obviously since it's called fast food lol.	5
965	I ordered using the app and the order and service to my car were flawless. Thanks for a good experience.	5
966	"Long line at drive-thru, seemed like under manned. Food was OK"	3
967	Unfortunately had to eat here cause the BF wanted to go there. I hate MD food in itself  but the people at this MD were cool none the less.	3
968	If there's more than 2 cars in drive thru line keep driving unless you like overcooked hollow French fries.	2
969	The manager is terrific. She works with the crew and is wonderful with the customers.	5
970	It's a McDonald's. Enough said. Clean. Parking is extremely small and the spaces very tight. Good luck getting a large SUV in there	3
971	Very good just stopped in withe the kids for a little ice cream. Nice staff and place was very clean	5
972	I WOULD LEAVE NO S IF I COULD .DRIVE THRU ORDER IS ALWAYS PLACED CORRECTLY AND BILLED CORRECTLY ON THE RECEIPT BUT FOR SOME REASON THE LINE COOKS CANT GET THE ORDERS RIGHT .EVERYTIME I COME TO THIS LOCATION MY  FOOD IS NOT MADE CORRECTLY .TODAY I CAME THRU THE DRIVE THRU AND ORDERED A DOBBLE QUARTER POUNDER MEAL NO PICKLE MED WITH A COKE I WAS CHARGED $8.47 AND I GOT BACK TO WORK I OPENED MY FOOD AND A GOT A SINGLE QUATER PONDER WITH PICKLE'S A MED FRY THAT WAS HALF BURNT AS USUAL AND A DIET COKE. I ONLY GET A HALF HOUR LUNCH SO NO TIME TO GO BACK AND COMPLAIN SO FOOD WENT RIGHT IN THE GARBAGE .ON A PRIOR VISIT A FEW WEEKS EARLIER I WENT FOR LUNCH ORDERED A CLASSIC CHICKEN SANDWICH MEAL GOT BACK TO WORK OPENED MY FOOD I GOT WAY OVER COOKE FRIES AND A CHICKEN PATTY ON 1 BUN (JUST THE HALF OF A BUN )NOTHING ELSE.I DID NOT COMPLAIN ABOUT THAT AGAIN NO TIME TO COME BACK (1/2 HOUR LUNCH )  . ON A SEPERATE VISIT I ORDERED A BACON SANWICH MEAL AND GOT NO BACAON ON MY BURGER .I GUESS WHAT AM GETTING AT IS EVERYTIME I COME HERE THEIRS A ISSUE WITH MY FOOD I WILL NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION ANY LONGER AS WELL AS ALL MY CO WOKERS SINCE THEY HAVE HAD THE SAME EXPERIENCE . AND McDONALD'S AT ONE POINT AND TIRE WANTED MINIMUM WAGE TO BE $14 OR $15 PER HOUR THATS A JOKE !	1
973	"great food and service, but i have to stop forgetting to never get the shakes here because they taste like soap"	4
974	Was horrible. Dry old and nasty. All of us were so disappointed. That's pretty bad when a kid says it was horrible.	1
975	"It's okay for a fast food place, though it's not going to win any awards for cleanliness, especially in the bathrooms."	3
976	This McDonald's must still cook their burgers on grill which taste better the others I believed went to hot air fryers uck	4
977	The service was very slow today and they messed up the order. The fries were old and hard. They were cold	1
978	Terrible waited like 20 mins order 2 mcchicken and 1 mcdouble got 3 mcdouble smh	1
979	"Went late night, about 7 cars ahead of me but it went quickly.  Thank goodness that something was still open"	5
980	Good deals and friendly service (most of the time). The drive thru wait time is always very long.	2
981	Not really a  fast food eater but when ur hungry n on the go its a great pit stop	3
982	"This McDonald's is really going downhill, service is slow, biscuits overcooked and crunchy, bacon burned and the place is a mess. Couldn't find a clean table."	2
983	Only place for miles with a restroom that alone demands a 5  rating. Aside from that it's your typical McDonalds.	5
984	Convenient location right off the highway. Food preparation needs improvement. Staff friendliness is okay...(about average).	3
985	Last order of the night and the food was not stale and the staff were still polite and welcoming	4
986	"Fast friendly service.  Pipping hot, great tasting coffee at a FANTASTIC PRICE"	5
987	"They charge more there than my local Mc D,in Windgap... 60 cents more for a large Mocha Frappie in Brodheadsville, never again"	2
988	Clean and peaceful place to get breakfast.	5
989	Clean bathroom clean tables. Mobile order came out in 2 mins (off peak)	5
990	This McDonald                           s is the worst advertise they have certain menu items and whe	1
991	"They smokin d, I bought burgers or whatever, and they put one or two tiny lil lettuce pieces in them , it                "	1
992	"Food is always good,fresh, and fast ."	5
993	This is the worst mcdonalds I have been to.  Very slow and the order is always  wrong.   Don't  go there...  This place should be shut down or change the management.   .	1
994	"Sadly, I get mistreated every time I come here.. I put this review off for a while now and the mistreatment continues.. The workers here need to be trained on customer service.. :("	1
995	I have been there quite abfew times and personally never had a problem but my girlfriends order has been messed up a few times	4
996	This place is the one in front of the Lehigh Valley mall do not go there  there  was glass in the inside of my Burger and the manager refused to even hear me. I will be contacting corporate	1
997	The service at the drive in was terrible.i sat in line for 20min no one was there to take my order and then when I went inside people were waiting for orders to be filled and to be waited on.I ended up going to Burger King instead	1
998	Their cheeseburger costs more than a double cheeseburger and they won't give me a double cheeseburger with only 1 patty	1
999	Good service. Everything good here.	4
1000	Seriously who forgets to put everything on a burger. Lol I can understand missing one item but everything except the burger itself lol not once but twice lol                   	1
1001	It was good food they got my burger right !!	4
1002	I have been to many McDonald's locations and I have to say this was the worst Big Mac and Filet sandwich I have ever had. I was highly disappointed!!!	1
1003	Drive thru gets clogged and go inside I'm 1 of 2 customers it took longer than drive thru	3
1004	I applied online and said I was fourteen and out on my resume I was fourteen and I get scheduled for an interview and they say I can                           t be hired be	1
1005	"Lisa deserves 5, she                   "	5
1006	"It is McDonald's. You know what to expect. This particular one, however, often has ""machines down"" or being ""cleaned"". Can't get a latte, can't get a milkshake, etc. Kind of ridiculous."	3
1007	I am not a McDonald's fan but I can say the place was very clean and the young girl that took my order was pleasant	3
1008	They messed on my husbands meal and the cook is missing around laughing about messing up the order. They joking about spitting in people   	1
1009	Just another McD's. Slightly sub-par breakfast sandwiches. Weak wifi.	3
1010	One of the good quality McDonald's. I stop by almost every times I go snowboarding in PA.	5
1011	It's McDonalds.  Who doesn't love it.  Went through drive thru and staff pleasant.	5
1012	I waited over 15 minutes in drive thru after I paid and got to the pickup window . Was asked pull-up and wait .	1
1013	"VERY, VERY Friendly and helpful people. Almost treat ya like family when you walk in. I stop there frequently    "	5
1014	"Good place for a fast food meal! The restaurant was clean!, and the service was good!"	4
1015	A little slow taking the order but the kid enjoyed the center pieces and decorations	4
1016	ya                           ll m	5
1017	"Typical visit. But what sucked was, by the time we got our food, the fries were cold. :("	3
1018	I took my grandson to McDonald's in Broadheadsville today for his Birthday and the service and food was great!	5
1019	Big Macs are outstanding the the milkshakes I look forward to and the atmosphere is nice would be nice if they had TVs	5
1020	Would have been five s but our fries were old and refried	3
1021	"Long wait times for the drive-thru. They jerk you around with their open/close times, too. They close at eleven, I drove by at 10 after ten and they said they were closed for the night."	1
1022	Always super good my favorite restaurant all across the United States	5
1023	Always enjoy the food and prices at McDonald's.  Only drawback is the wait time on line.	4
1024	You would find the Covid-19 vaccine here before you found a working ice cream machine	2
1025	Fast service food good but pricey	4
1026	Food was good quick fresh..	4
1027	They just hung up on me when I was talking. It was not relating to poor connection.	1
1028	Got the bundle good deal something for everyone.	4
1029	Food was good and cashier was friendly. Restaurant and bathrooms were clean.	4
1030	Its not bad!! They made my burger perfect when i took it out of the box lol	3
1031	"Good customer service, and correct stuff that was ordered. Verry professional."	4
1032	They dont have good customer service. Plus they dont listen to customers.	1
1033	Night crew was very polite. Food was delicious. No complaints	5
1034	Doesn't honor coupons when they clearly state at McDonald's nationwide. Managers are rude.	1
1035	I had a drink n cheese burger n the burger n cheese was colder the ketchup.... it's rare to ever get a hot chburger at McDonald's	1
1036	This was the worst. They had no fountain drinks and the water they substituted for it was warm.	1
1037	Pleasant and very good thankfully they fixed the order right	5
1038	Very nice and courteous people the food was delicious and cooked well	5
1039	"They're the best, their employees are very courteous and helpful!!!"	5
1040	"Always enjoy Mcdees.....
Pretty clean bathrooms, as well as their overall interior."	5
1041	"Service was very very slow  , then the food was barely warm."	4
1042	Waited in the drive up.10 minutes. Should had the man in front park instead of waiting at yhe window for his stuff.	1
1043	They always have puppy treats for my fur baby	5
1044	The McDonalds in Brodheadsville is one of the worst McDonalds I've ever experienced. Its sad our own hometown McDonalds is the way it is	1
1045	Paid$4.01 for what used to be $1.00 to greedy for me never again	1
1046	I go here for lunch all the time and I've never had a problem	5
1047	Chicken nuggets and fries are very tasty but felt horrible rest of the day and next day too...probably all the fillers and stuff...	3
1048	Great had just come from getting our great grandson a haircut	5
1049	"It's Mc d's, food is always good even if it's bad for you   "	5
1050	They have a fireplace that they never use so it's always freezing. Maybe put some heat on.	3
1051	Big place sort of empty but great customer service	4
1052	This place is so good but the food really is no good for you. LOL	5
1053	Food is always hot.  If you use there new app it doesn't always work	5
1054	Wost McDonald's ever very nasty manager Anna And the employee's are rude and nasty	1
1055	"Fast, fresh & hot! Staff was very nice! Great job!    "	5
1056	Excellent fast food place.. excellent in and out food chain.	5
1057	If they got my order correct I'd be shocked.	3
1058	They suck got 4 bacon doulbles and didn't get any bacon on them not the first time either	1
1059	Foods terrible slowest McDonald's I've ever been to wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy     	1
1060	No complaints. Food was fresh.	5
1061	"The one complaint is the put food in a bag that is too small to close, food gets cold quickly."	3
1062	The breakfast sandwich was burnt and also hard as a rock. Broke my tooth..      	1
1063	Clean and inexpensive. If faster would have been 5.	4
1064	"Out of receipt paper, muffin on my english muffin was as hard as a hockey puck."	1
1065	Ok but sometimes food not the best	4
1066	They always get my order wrong and I ordered. Bacon and it wasn't even cooked	1
1067	Quick service and the staff is very friendly 	5
1068	Service was fast and the staff was great	4
1069	Good service...crappy food fries were old same as nuggets	1
1070	Disrespectful staff	1
1071	"Everything was fresh, nothing better than fresh    "	5
1072	Very polite servers.  Food neatly packaged.	5
1073	My bagel sandwich was stale. Bottom could not even eat. Very disappointed for the price.	1
1074	They threw me and my friends out that were doing business and not buying anything	2
1075	"Lady was very helpful and polite, food was ok"	3
1076	Food was ok. Waited too long to get my food	2
1077	"second time 4/11/19 bethlehem
Now 4/12/19 broadheadville
Was given wrong order."	1
1078	Made me wait in the annoying end of the sidewalk spot only to give me cold food and a watered down iced coffee	3
1079	The always have a smile on there face and are very helpful and polite.	5
1080	Inconsistent inconsistent that's the truth. Also they don't clean the edges of the booths. Gross	2
1081	Service is hit or miss.  Give you fries that are half full.	2
1082	Associate was very nice and helpful	5
1083	Service was slow  came home and order was missing 2andwiches	1
1084	Great service. Very clean	5
1085	Improved service. Clean. Very courteous crew. Improvement	4
1086	Gift card didn't work AGAIN. No help from clerk  Rude.	1
1087	Good food but really long wait	3
1088	Breakfast is the best meal of the day. Pancakes are good.	3
1089	Customer friendly buns are always fresh.	4
1090	Who forgets to put meat on a sandwich? Brodheadsville MC Donalds that's who. I mean really?	1
1091	Hash browns are always cold and under-cooked.	2
1092	Ordered a large fry and they were burnt had to go back and they were still overdone	2
1093	Out of ketchup had to get packets of them. Cashier seems a little stressed.	4
1094	Fast drive thru. Hot fresh fries.	4
1095	Even after expressing items that were missing they still got it wrong	2
1096	30 minutes in drive thru.... Ridiculous	2
1097	Its McDonald's.  Everything was fine.	5
1098	Breakfast was very good hit the spot	5
1099	Worst service ever. Slow and always forget items.	1
1100	Great workers and great people there	5
1101	Good people . great job thank you	5
1102	"I always order special food, they usually get it right at this location."	4
1103	Love the food and their fast service	5
1104	"You order, you get what you expect most the time, it's McDonald's ehhh."	5
1105	There is no wait you get your food right away and there food is awesome	5
1106	"It's McDonald's, always great everywhere."	5
1107	Service was slow and they made my order wrong :(	3
1108	Service wasn't the best and my food was cold	1
1109	The cashier was friendly and pretty fast.	4
1110	Coffee was made the way I asked. And I love Mc griddles.	4
1111	"Service, overall, better than most McDs."	5
1112	"It's McDonald's. If you're reading reviews to decide which McDonald's to go to, you need a hobby."	4
1113	"Slow for fast food
And milk shake machine is always down"	3
1114	In the Happy Meal they forgot the apple juice	4
1115	Always hot food and good service	5
1116	"Consistently bad as we
Have become conditioned to expect and except."	2
1117	Don't go here!!!!! I regret it every time I give it another chance.	1
1118	It's you know. Fast food. Had an egg mcmuffen.	5
1119	"As always, good food for a good price."	5
1120	Love having breakfast when e we I want	4
1121	Customer service here was good	5
1122	Got order correct. Its a good day.	5
1123	"The food was cold, French fries awful"	1
1124	"Quick and easy, always a decent cup of coffee!"	4
1125	Great friendly service good food	5
1126	Lovely breakfast.  Comfortable dining room	5
1127	The app does not work 75% of the time. Must be fixed!!	5
1128	Food was cold   	4
1129	They always mess up my order	2
1130	Too much money to pay for mostly bun with your burgef	5
1131	Worst service wrong order	1
1132	Food isn't cooked and very slow	3
1133	Says 24 hours went there at 12:30 and they were closed	1
1134	It's ok if in hurry for food for supper	2
1135	Service was slow and the girl behind the counter was rude	1
1136	"I went for a sundae, & of course I enjoyed it."	5
1137	Its a McDonald's. Its gross. Smells like pee.	1
1138	Food very fresh	5
1139	"Mickey D""s is just what it is ..."	2
1140	They say there open 24 hours and they were closed by 12am	1
1141	The sturgeon was fantastic. Cooked to perfection!	4
1142	Go ahead and get poisoned. I deffinently wont be.	1
1143	Very fast workers	5
1144	Always get orders wrong	1
1145	"Never fails, always hits the spot lol"	5
1146	Great place .  Friendly people.  Great music	5
1147	Worst McDonald's I have ever been to	2
1148	"It is fast food, what is there to say?"	3
1149	My kids love the food	5
1150	It's a McDonald's what can I say.	5
1151	Good fries shakes suck	4
1152	Full service McDonald's and they bring your food out to you.	5
1153	Hashbrowns were super fresh.	3
1154	I love this as a place to go after school with my friends.	5
1155	It's a McDonalds. Friendly staff and got the order right.	5
1156	"Under construction, did the best under circumstances"	2
1157	Food cold. No napkins.  Employees rude	1
1158	Love the underrated Filet O Fish   	4
1159	Good people food is fast	4
1160	Friendly people.  Nice atmosphere and clean.	5
1161	Great Manager and quick	4
1162	"Great price,  good food"	4
1163	Fresh food E-Z Parking nice people	4
1164	Filet of fish delicious!!	4
1165	Super yummy vanilla milkshake!	5
1166	Close to work call ahead ordering	5
1167	Friendly people fast service	5
1168	"Its mcdonalds, just went because u was short on time"	1
1169	What can I really say about Mickey D	3
1170	Friendly and respectful and fast	5
1171	NVR liked McD's.  NVR eat here.	2
1172	Slow service in drive thru...	3
1173	No Entry. Just window orders	5
1174	Fast and very friendly service	4
1175	"Pleasant atmosphere, clean and friendly"	5
1176	it's fine	3
1177	People had a good sense of humor	2
1178	the wait is long and the cashiers are rude	2
1179	Regular McDonald's with a breakfast all day menu.	4
1180	Great place Moderate Prices	1
1181	Got good service there	4
1182	Excellent place bring the family	5
1183	Burgers were dry and tasteless	1
1184	"Not that healthy, but tastes good."	4
1185	They always rushing and always forget something	1
1186	"Clean, and workers are friendly enough."	3
1187	Lisa is a sweet lady	5
1188	Very good burgers.	4
1189	Clean restrooms and tasty fries	5
1190	Was a little slow in the drive trough	3
1191	didn't get the sauces I asked for	2
1192	People work there sucks.	1
1193	Great!! Fresh food!!! Nice and hot!!!	5
1194	Food is always fresh	5
1195	"Delicious food, clean place"	5
1196	I very rarely eat here	2
1197	Love the caramel frappes	5
1198	Fast and friendly staff	5
1199	Very good	5
1200	The food was not that great	3
1201	"Well for a mcd's, it was decent"	4
1202	Stop by eat then leave!	3
1203	The shake machine is never working.	3
1204	Good breakfast special	4
1205	Food always cold	1
1206	Clean and well kept...	5
1207	"Very quick, and delicious"	3
1208	Fast food	5
1209	Everybody loves McD's	4
1210	Good for a quick stop.	5
1211	Very quick service	5
1212	Quick n easy....	5
1213	they have maggots	1
1214	Drive thru only	1
1215	Pancakes were great!	4
1216	Good service and good food	2
1217	"""I'm Lovin' It"""	5
1218	Just a nice Mc Donald's	4
1219	Great service	5
1220	"Nice&clean,happy atmosphere."	4
1221	Good food and service	5
1222	Good food	5
1223	Every time is a delicious time	5
1224	Good fast food.	5
1225	Good food	5
1226	Fast food is fast food	4
1227	Easy clean and convenient	3
1228	Love the apple pies	5
1229	Good food	5
1230	Love their food	5
1231	Ridiculously slow service	1
1232	Same as any other McDonald's	3
1233	Good Service and Good Food	4
1234	Great service and friendly	3
1235	"Clean, friendly staff!"	5
1236	It's fast food.	3
1237	Not open 24/7	1
1238	Small coffee cream and sugar	4
1239	Meh	2
1240	Got what I asked for and more.	4
1241	Beutiful!	5
1242	It was a sloppy burger    	3
1243	Nice...	4
1244	Nice	4
1245	It was good	3
1246	mmmm chimken	5
1247	Slow drive up window	2
1248	     great!    	5
1249	This is a horrible food place	1
1250	It was ok.	4
1251	Its ok	3
1252	It Mickey D's...it is what it is.	3
1253	Food was hot	5
1254	Horrible experience	1
1255	The stuff I hear is disgusting	3
1256	Quick and courteous.	5
1257	It was good	4
1258	Pretty clean.	5
1259	BIG MAC  YUM	5
1260	Service was excellent	5
1261	Uggg	2
1262	Gorgeous place	5
1263	Great!	5
1264	Love!	5
1265	Love it	5
1266	Its okay	3
1267	Great service.	5
1268	Quick service.	4
1269	The usual	2
1270	It's McDonald's nuff said.	3
1271	Great	4
1272	The not the way should be	1
1273	Very very slow	2
1274	Nice	5
1275	Fast sevice	3
1276	Nice people	5
1277	I work for then	5
1278	Easy for coffee	4
1279	Yumm	5
1280	awesome	5
1281	Fast	5
1282	Ok	4
1283	Good service	5
1284	Mcdonalds is trash	1
1285	Ok	3
1286	Good service	3
1287	Good service	4
1288	Good coffee	4
1289	Good	4
1290	Great	5
1291	McDonald's what else needs to be said	4
1292	Yummy	4
1293	Horrible fries...	2
1294	Typical McDonald's.	3
1295	Love McDonald's	5
1296	Friendly people.	5
1297	Its mc donalds	3
1298	Hot fresh food	5
1299	Worst service	1
1300	Clean	5
1301	Terrible food	1
1302	S L O W service.	3
1303	Okay	3
1304	Okay service	3
1305	Nice place	4
1306	eh	1
1307	Stay away from chicken	4
1308	Mac tonight	5
1309	good coffee	5
1310	Burnt ice cream	3
1311	It is what it is.	3
1312	I was hungry	5
1313	Cold fries	3
1314	No comment	1
1315	It     	4
1316	Convenient	5
1317	It's McDonald's.	3
1318	It's McDonald's that's it	3
1319	Its McDonalds	5
1320	McDonald's Hello	3
1321	It's McDonald's	3
1322	It is good the food is rich good price fast I love the coffee frappe it is very delicious	4
1323	Good attention    	5
1324	Excellent 	5
1325	Bad	1
1326	Excellent 	5
1327	Good 	4
1328	Poor 	2
1329	Good 	4
1330	Excellent 	5
1331	Poor 	2
1332	Excellent 	5
1333	Excellent 	5
1334	Good 	4
1335	McDead	1
1336	Bad	1
1337	Neutral	3
1338	Excellent 	5
1339	Good 	4
1340	Good 	4
1341	Excellent 	5
1342	Excellent 	5
1343	Excellent 	5
1344	Excellent 	5
1345	Good 	4
1346	Excellent 	5
1347	Good 	4
1348	Excellent 	5
1349	Good 	4
1350	Neutral	3
1351	Excellent 	5
1352	Excellent 	5
1353	Neutral	3
1354	Excellent 	5
1355	Excellent 	5
1356	Excellent 	5
1357	Good 	4
1358	Neutral	3
1359	Neutral	3
1360	Good 	4
1361	Neutral	3
1362	Excellent 	5
1363	Good 	4
1364	Good 	4
1365	Excellent 	5
1366	Neutral	3
1367	Excellent 	5
1368	Excellent 	5
1369	Excellent 	5
1370	Excellent 	5
1371	Excellent 	5
1372	Excellent 	5
1373	Neutral	3
1374	Excellent 	5
1375	Good 	4
1376	Excellent 	5
1377	Good 	4
1378	Neutral	3
1379	Neutral	3
1380	Excellent 	5
1381	Poor 	2
1382	Excellent 	5
1383	Excellent 	5
1384	Excellent 	5
1385	Excellent 	5
1386	Good 	4
1387	Excellent 	5
1388	"The staff was disorganized and seemed overwhelmed, and my order was completely messed up."	1
1389	Good 	4
1390	Neutral	3
1391	Poor 	2
1392	Good 	4
1393	Neutral	3
1394	Excellent 	5
1395	Neutral	3
1396	Poor 	2
1397	Good 	4
1398	Excellent 	5
1399	Excellent 	5
1400	Poor 	2
1401	Excellent 	5
1402	Excellent 	5
1403	Excellent 	5
1404	Neutral	3
1405	Good 	4
1406	Neutral	3
1407	Excellent 	5
1408	Neutral	3
1409	Neutral	3
1410	Good 	4
1411	Excellent 	5
1412	Neutral	3
1413	Excellent 	5
1414	Neutral	3
1415	Good 	4
1416	Poor 	2
1417	Excellent 	5
1418	Neutral	3
1419	Excellent 	5
1420	"The staff was slow and unattentive, and my food arrived cold and inedible."	1
1421	Neutral	3
1422	Excellent 	5
1423	Excellent 	5
1424	Neutral	3
1425	Neutral	3
1426	Neutral	3
1427	Neutral	3
1428	Neutral	3
1429	Neutral	3
1430	Excellent 	5
1431	Neutral	3
1432	Excellent 	5
1433	Excellent 	5
1434	Neutral	3
1435	"The fries were overcooked and tasted burnt, and the staff didn't offer any resolution."	1
1436	Good 	4
1437	Poor 	2
1438	Good 	4
1439	Good 	4
1440	Excellent 	5
1441	Excellent 	5
1442	Neutral	3
1443	Poor 	2
1444	not good	1
1445	Excellent 	5
1446	Good 	4
1447	Excellent 	5
1448	Neutral	3
1449	Neutral	3
1450	Poor 	2
1451	Good 	4
1452	Terrible	1
1453	Excellent 	5
1454	Excellent 	5
1455	Neutral	3
1456	Neutral	3
1457	Neutral	3
1458	Excellent 	5
1459	Excellent 	5
1460	Excellent 	5
1461	Excellent 	5
1462	I don    	1
1463	Poor 	2
1464	Excellent 	5
1465	Good 	4
1466	Good 	4
1467	Excellent 	5
1468	Excellent 	5
1469	Good 	4
1470	Excellent 	5
1471	ew	1
1472	Good 	4
1473	Excellent 	5
1474	Good 	4
1475	Good 	4
1476	Poor 	2
1477	Good 	4
1478	Excellent 	5
1479	Neutral	3
1480	Neutral	3
1481	Excellent 	5
1482	Excellent 	5
1483	Good 	4
1484	Excellent 	5
1485	Neutral	3
1486	Excellent 	5
1487	Good 	4
1488	Neutral	3
1489	Excellent 	5
1490	Excellent 	5
1491	Terrible	1
1492	Excellent 	5
1493	Neutral	3
1494	Excellent 	5
1495	Excellent 	5
1496	Neutral	3
1497	Good 	4
1498	Neutral	3
1499	Excellent 	5
1500	Neutral	3
1501	Excellent 	5
1502	Neutral	3
1503	Excellent 	5
1504	Good 	4
1505	Good 	4
1506	No too bad	1
1507	Good 	4
1508	Good 	4
1509	Excellent 	5
1510	Good 	4
1511	Excellent 	5
1512	Neutral	3
1513	Good 	4
1514	Neutral	3
1515	Neutral	3
1516	Terrible	1
1517	Excellent 	5
1518	Excellent 	5
1519	Excellent 	5
1520	Good 	4
1521	Good 	4
1522	Good 	4
1523	Good 	4
1524	Excellent 	5
1525	Excellent 	5
1526	Excellent 	5
1527	Neutral	3
1528	Good 	4
1529	Terrible	1
1530	Excellent 	5
1531	Good 	4
1532	Excellent 	5
1533	Good 	4
1534	Excellent 	5
1535	Excellent 	5
1536	Terrible	1
1537	Excellent 	5
1538	Excellent 	5
1539	Neutral	3
1540	Neutral	3
1541	Neutral	3
1542	Neutral	3
1543	Terrible	1
1544	Excellent 	5
1545	Excellent 	5
1546	Good 	4
1547	Terrible	1
1548	Excellent 	5
1549	Excellent 	5
1550	Good 	4
1551	Terrible	1
1552	Excellent 	5
1553	Excellent 	5
1554	Excellent 	5
1555	Excellent 	5
1556	Excellent 	5
1557	Excellent 	5
1558	Excellent 	5
1559	Terrible	1
1560	Neutral	3
1561	Excellent 	5
1562	Neutral	3
1563	Excellent 	5
1564	Good 	4
1565	Terrible	1
1566	Good 	4
1567	Good 	4
1568	Neutral	3
1569	Excellent 	5
1570	Terrible	1
1571	Good 	4
1572	Neutral	3
1573	Good 	4
1574	Terrible	1
1575	Excellent 	5
1576	Good 	4
1577	Terrible	1
1578	Neutral	3
1579	Poor 	2
1580	Excellent 	5
1581	Excellent 	5
1582	Good 	4
1583	Terrible	1
1584	Excellent 	5
1585	Excellent 	5
1586	Terrible	1
1587	Good 	4
1588	Excellent 	5
1589	Excellent 	5
1590	Good 	4
1591	Good 	4
1592	Poor 	2
1593	Neutral	3
1594	Neutral	3
1595	Good 	4
1596	Poor 	2
1597	Good 	4
1598	Excellent 	5
1599	Neutral	3
1600	Good 	4
1601	Excellent 	5
1602	Neutral	3
1603	Poor 	2
1604	Good 	4
1605	Good 	4
1606	Good 	4
1607	Neutral	3
1608	Neutral	3
1609	Good 	4
1610	Good 	4
1611	Neutral	3
1612	Poor 	2
1613	Excellent 	5
1614	Neutral	3
1615	Terrible	1
1616	Neutral	3
1617	Good 	4
1618	Excellent 	5
1619	Good 	4
1620	Good 	4
1621	Neutral	3
1622	Good 	4
1623	Neutral	3
1624	Good 	4
1625	Neutral	3
1626	Excellent 	5
1627	Excellent 	5
1628	Neutral	3
1629	Terrible	1
1630	Good 	4
1631	Excellent 	5
1632	Excellent 	5
1633	Neutral	3
1634	Excellent 	5
1635	Terrible	1
1636	"The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible."	1
1637	Good 	4
1638	Terrible	1
1639	Good 	4
1640	Excellent 	5
1641	Excellent 	5
1642	Good 	4
1643	Excellent 	5
1644	Good 	4
1645	Neutral	3
1646	Neutral	3
1647	Excellent 	5
1648	Good 	4
1649	Good 	4
1650	Excellent 	5
1651	Excellent 	5
1652	Excellent 	5
1653	Excellent 	5
1654	Good 	4
1655	Good 	4
1656	Excellent 	5
1657	Good 	4
1658	Neutral	3
1659	Excellent 	5
1660	Poor 	2
1661	Neutral	3
1662	Neutral	3
1663	Good 	4
1664	Excellent 	5
1665	Excellent 	5
1666	Poor 	2
1667	Neutral	3
1668	Excellent 	5
1669	Good 	4
1670	Neutral	3
1671	Good 	4
1672	Terrible	1
1673	Excellent 	5
1674	Neutral	3
1675	Terrible	1
1676	Good 	4
1677	Good 	4
1678	Excellent 	5
1679	Excellent 	5
1680	Good 	4
1681	Excellent 	5
1682	Excellent 	5
1683	Excellent 	5
1684	Excellent 	5
1685	Excellent 	5
1686	Neutral	3
1687	Good 	4
1688	Good 	4
1689	Good 	4
1690	Terrible	1
1691	Neutral	3
1692	Good 	4
1693	Good 	4
1694	Excellent 	5
1695	Excellent 	5
1696	Excellent 	5
1697	Poor 	2
1698	Good 	4
1699	Excellent 	5
1700	Good 	4
1701	Excellent 	5
1702	Excellent 	5
1703	Good 	4
1704	Good 	4
1705	Terrible	1
1706	Excellent 	5
1707	Neutral	3
1708	Excellent 	5
1709	Good 	4
1710	Terrible	1
1711	Poor 	2
1712	Neutral	3
1713	Excellent 	5
1714	Terrible	1
1715	Excellent 	5
1716	Good 	4
1717	Good 	4
1718	Good 	4
1719	Terrible	1
1720	Good 	4
1721	Good 	4
1722	Excellent 	5
1723	Excellent 	5
1724	Excellent 	5
1725	Neutral	3
1726	Excellent 	5
1727	Neutral	3
1728	Good 	4
1729	Neutral	3
1730	Neutral	3
1731	Excellent 	5
1732	Poor 	2
1733	Excellent 	5
1734	Poor 	2
1735	Neutral	3
1736	Good 	4
1737	Good 	4
1738	Poor 	2
1739	Neutral	3
1740	Excellent 	5
1741	Good 	4
1742	Neutral	3
1743	Poor 	2
1744	Excellent 	5
1745	Good 	4
1746	Excellent 	5
1747	Good 	4
1748	Good 	4
1749	Excellent 	5
1750	Excellent 	5
1751	Excellent 	5
1752	Good 	4
1753	Terrible	1
1754	Good 	4
1755	Good 	4
1756	Neutral	3
1757	Good 	4
1758	Poor 	2
1759	Terrible	1
1760	Terrible	1
1761	Terrible	1
1762	Good 	4
1763	Excellent 	5
1764	Good 	4
1765	Poor 	2
1766	Terrible	1
1767	Excellent 	5
1768	Excellent 	5
1769	Poor 	2
1770	Good 	4
1771	Good 	4
1772	Excellent 	5
1773	Excellent 	5
1774	Excellent 	5
1775	Excellent 	5
1776	Terrible	1
1777	Good 	4
1778	Neutral	3
1779	Neutral	3
1780	Excellent 	5
1781	Excellent 	5
1782	Neutral	3
1783	Terrible	1
1784	Excellent 	5
1785	Good 	4
1786	Terrible	1
1787	Good 	4
1788	Excellent 	5
1789	Neutral	3
1790	Good 	4
1791	Good 	4
1792	Excellent 	5
1793	Neutral	3
1794	Excellent 	5
1795	Excellent 	5
1796	Excellent 	5
1797	Terrible	1
1798	Good 	4
1799	Excellent 	5
1800	Good 	4
1801	Excellent 	5
1802	Excellent 	5
1803	Good 	4
1804	Good 	4
1805	Terrible	1
1806	Neutral	3
1807	Excellent 	5
1808	Good 	4
1809	Excellent 	5
1810	Excellent 	5
1811	Good 	4
1812	Neutral	3
1813	Excellent 	5
1814	Excellent 	5
1815	Good 	4
1816	Neutral	3
1817	Excellent 	5
1818	Neutral	3
1819	Neutral	3
1820	Excellent 	5
1821	Excellent 	5
1822	Neutral	3
1823	Neutral	3
1824	Good 	4
1825	Excellent 	5
1826	"The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible."	1
1827	Terrible	1
1828	Excellent 	5
1829	I always get mcdonald                           s from here. But today I got large fries and two burgers along with three cokes. I was eating my fries and i was about to take a bite until i saw A BUG literally on my fry. I got disgusted and now i have no more appetite to eat my 	1
1830	Ordered a steak bagel during breakfast through drive-thru. I had a very long wait. The bagel was good and was as expected from a McDonald's. My experience having to wait a while is about 50/50 at this location.	3
1831	This location is always running no matter what time or day. The food is always fresh and the service is usually fast. If they ever mess your order up they usually do right by you and give you a fresh new order. This location was renovated recently so everything is brand new. They no longer have the children's play area but it's much more of a sit in restaurant style McDonald's.	5
1832	Horrible! I just ordered a Large Meal with large fries through uberEats and the problem was that there wasn                           t e	1
1833	"Our visit was on Friday, 5/12/2023. There is a marked improvement in the service and cleanliness at this location on Ft. Hamilton Parkway. Katherine, the Manager, and her staff (Chris) promptly offered help and solutions to my family's needs. The use of a dedicated staff member to continuously clean the dining area was a big plus. I only feel that the beverage station should be closer to the dining area to facilitate the transfer of drinks from station to table; particularly for the disabled.
Another, concern was the price of the food. Though there were ""dollar"" options available, the price of the more popular sizes and items was very high. A median-income family of four would be wary of dining more than once a month, if that often.
The name of the counter person that helped us during our visit was Chris. He is a credit to the McDonalds company."	4
1834	"I would have give zero  if I could. This chicken sandwich I got is extreme nasty, overcooked and taste like leftover from a while ago. Sandwich with no veggies or nothing. I felt like I was chewing rubber!!! Horrible experience"	1
1835	"I get my combo meal once a week as a treat. Food, service, parking is good. The place can get packed at certain  time of the day, but have a bit of patients .U will meet rude customers once in a while .Good job to all those employees for their hard work to serve everyone whether its drive thru, dine in, take out, deliveries , curb side pick up etc .Its just my opinion and experience with them ."	5
1836	"I placed a mobile order when I was at the McDonald's at 72-69 Kissena Blvd, Flushing, NY 11367. I placed that order on March 29, 2023 at 07:48:29 PM. This order should be brought to table 101. The McDonald app said that in 2 or 5 minutes, somone will bring my order. I waited for 15 minutes. I still did not see my order at table 101. I went to the counter and asked for it. A lady saw a tag with 101 on the counter and then she prepared for my order, and then gave it to me. I asked her why no one brought me the order. She did not say. Then, I asked for the manager. Then, a gentleman named Armando showed up. I told him what happened. He first told me that they were busy. However, there was no one waiting at the counter. I told the manager that the lady who prepared my order saw my order tag on the counter. Then, the manager changed his explanation. He said that after 7 PM, they don't serve table service. In other words, they don't bring order to the table after 7 PM. I said that the Mcdonald's app says that the table order is still available. Then, he said that every store is different. I doubt what he said. This is bad servcie and bad responses from the store manager. The manager lied."	1
1837	"Horrible service from the manager. I got 2 cheeseburgers from the drive thru and my bag was leaking with some fluid. Looked inside and both was soaked in oil. The burger was drenched in oil and the wrapper had puddles of oil inside it and once i opened it, it went on my pants and console of my car. Went inside to get another burger but instead the manager tried to justify saying she did it herself and it wasn                           t like that and that it just came out. But I tried to explain there was so much oil everywhere that when I tried to pick up the burger it slips right out of my hand and the oil is spilling everywhere. Even when I got a new burger she still insisted on justifying why it was like that instead of apologizing to a customer. I                           ve never had that experience with just trying to eat a cheeseburger. Not even a restaurant does that. Didn       ence was."	1
1838	The service was horrible. The kiosk machine printed a record with no numbers on it. The staff was calling numbers without saying the order. The atmosphere was Workers waiting for their checks & requesting food infront of paying customers. Was a very unpleasant experience.	2
1839	Worst mcdonald                           s ever they can                  	1
1840	I don't know why they every night whatever they like to close the dining room  No time to control it But on the door have a sign showed dinning room open 24 hours And still using the garbage can to block the door	4
1841	"My daughter and I had a very nice experience here. Upon entering, a worker directed us to the order kiosk and inputted the order for us. Then had it delivered to our table!

Don                    "	4
1842	So I ordered a sausage egg and cheese. This is not it. They wouldn                  	1
1843	"Large fry half full
No straw
Cold food even though it was the fastest delivery of my life"	1
1844	I've gone twice after work around 10 and my food is served cold n the most recent they gave me my food n not my drink had to tab on window multiple times to get someone's attention to then be questioned about it as if they didn't just give me my food n they watered down the drink because I guess they didn't like having to come back and finish the order. I hate to down talk a business but your a fast food chain such things should not be happening.	2
1845	"Placed an order through an ordering app.   When it arrived, half of the food was missing.  I called the restaurant to try to resolve the issue and they told me I had to come and pick up the missing items.  I told them I am at work and that this won't be possible.   According to them there was nothing they could do then.  They refused to refund me for the missing food from my order.  I guess if they don't pack the food you paid for properly it's your problem?  Not a great way to do business."	1
1846	"The worst McDonalds and its not even the place its the employees! Not all but the majority of them can NEVER get the order right! Either they give you the wrong order or theyre are items missing. Like ALWAYS!!! I order from door dash and every f_____ time I receive it there are items missing, the last time I ordered a Medium Fries, and literally half of it was filled. Rip you off! It takes forever to get your order as well I understand they have a lot of customers but hello, be considerate and get the orders right!!"	1
1847	"My child worked there for only two days and was forced to quit due to the unprofessionalism of the management and staff, one manager even followed her into the bathroom. My child was name called, shoved, harassed and never properly trained. She wasn                           t even doing the job she was hired to do.  The most most unprofessional place I have ever heard of and the franchise wonder should be aware of how unprofessional and terrible the employees are. Trai"	1
1848	"Bought a McChicken Bundle with cheeze no mayo!
Had a Uber delivery pick up at this Same location! got the Uber pick and still waited for food while it sat there and I asked my number 228 and got it! It had no cheese! I told the manager and they took my sandwich and slap cold cheeze on it! I addressed it and they were willing to change it but I had (their ) Uber delivery customer waiting in hand and I couldn                           t wait for mine to be prepared while the customers food got cold! I said I would be back with them knowing me ! Came back the Manager gave me the same food that was sitting there 3 deliveries,50min later and said I should have waited and if I want it or my money back while I                           m trying to address what                           s wrong about all this behavior handling food! Her Name is Alba she saidis! I would say I won                           t be eating from here anymo"	1
1849	"Food are ok(typically mc), service are good but They don't allow scooter get in."	4
1850	Just recent some girl was in lobby while kids went crazy in lobby .She came with purpose but as an older person made me feel good asking them please to calm a bit spread out they moved belongings closer not all over cleaned Think name was stacie I saw . After school gets crowded good to see someone proud to help along with guard who seems busy at time .all over great service for busy place.	3
1851	Been coming to this mcdees since 1988 when they had a hamburgler jail and a big yellow slide out in the open. But lately they've had a hard time getting orders right.	4
1852	Horrible customer service. They treat Uber/Doordash like they are less than. Really bad. If McDs gonna take these delivery orders they should hire enough people to have them ready not leave a crowd of guys waiting for their deliveries. Unacceptable!	1
1853	Going off uber eats order. Orders a large meal..no fries or mac sauce that I paid extra for. Called twice goes to voice-mail.	3
1854	Here's the flag they currently fly (June 2023) to honor our brothers and sisters who lost their lives defending us.	4
1855	Mmmm to be honest they are pretty fast with their drive-by  orders I cannot complain but they run out of the special items and Frappuccinos pretty fast. Overall food quality is pretty much always fresh!	4
1856	"They have good people working here. The workers won't just let you stand there waiting. They always see people standing there and ask ""what is your order number?"" and then go look for it. For super fast service DL the mobile app and order/pay online."	5
1857	"Is this close to a school? Lots of noisy teenagers hanging around here. Other than that it has an interesting seating arrangement. Just come at a slower time if you plan to enjoy your meal/snack dining in. I do notice the regular pricing is higher than nearby McDonald's. There is lots of curbside pickup parking, drive thru often busy. Ask for ketchup and sauce, they never give it by default."	5
1858	"No good service! They took my recipe, and I ask salt on my french fries, and they give me hot pepper. The old lady's Attitude is imperious!!!   "	1
1859	I ordered a 20-piece nugget and only got 18 nuggets. Food was nice and hot though	2
1860	"Terrible Service!, You place and pay for your order, and then wait forever to get your food, very very slow. Walk in or Drive thru, both are awful!, If you Drive thru, you order and pay, then you wait forever to get your food. Walk in just as slow. Management very inconsiderate of their customers. Please go someplace else!"	1
1861	I did the Drive though the food was warm and it was turn off .	2
1862	"lousy service, customers ask and no one answers, they are rude and make the food in a bad way.  lousy!  lousy!  the worst experience."	1
1863	I placed an order and got charge i show my receipt to the manager she didn              	1
1864	"It is really clean, employee Joel keeps it super clean in the morning shift. But they never seem to get the order right. Then I have to go back and get it corrected. Like it be clear on the receipt and they still mess it up! The staff overall is professional and nice."	3
1865	Terrible mc Donald                           s. So disappointed. I hope they make some changes and teach employees to f	1
1866	"The food tasted fresh. I asked for mac sauce on my burger, but instead, I got a bunch of ketchup."	3
1867	"Decent McDonalds, but I would prefer avoiding this one, especially at certain times (after school hours. Lunch maybe? And some evenings) it is packed with unbearably loud and annoying kids, teens, sometimes even adults. There are some nice employees, but the order is always wrong.
Food is consistently good though."	2
1868	"Do not order from this place unless you are In person. They just messed up my order and didn't give all items that I paid for. Waste of a delivery especially when all items are not included,  1 person has food..smh"	1
1869	Great staff members clean and little wait time	5
1870	Always come here but today I went thru the drive through and encountered a woman who looked like a manager training a young man or something like that. Both of them extremely rude and condescending. 11/17/22 9:26am transaction amount 4.24ide one	1
1871	Fast and clean. Good parking and area. Why not.	5
1872	"It might be a one time thing food was not good
I eat from McDonald a lot it               "	1
1873	Always very disappointing. I've gone to this McDonald's for 15 years now. The system has gotten more organized since the recent renovation but it seems the efficiency still has not improved. The workers are nice and willing to help. The seating area is much better. The biggest issue would be the lack of efficient service. I've seen people leave after ordering because it would take so long. Hopefully it'll be improved.	2
1874	"Easy to pick up my mobile orders. They have soda machines so you don't have to worry about specifying no ice in drinks. They include napkins, straw, and lids. Straws have either been paper or plastic. They do not include ketchup packets, so you have to ask counterstaff. $1 drinks is a perk that no other fast food restaurant has. The dining room has plentiful tables and chairs too, ranging from booths to high stools to couch-like chairs. Easy to get there by Q25 or Q34. Not very close to any subway stations."	4
1875	Food was hot.  Service was fast and pleasant.	5
1876	Everyone walking around and noone helping with doordash ever                      	1
1877	"I ordered three items and i just got two
This is not the first time when i pay for stuff and i dont get it - and I discovered it after i be at my home . Is that how you save money !?"	1
1878	"The regular parking spots were taken, but there was ample mobile order curbside service parking. I'd never ordered that way before, but it was for take out anyway. An employee delivered the food within 5 minutes of placing the order. Overall it was a good experience."	5
1879	"The drive thru is not open 24 hrs. Theres nothing worse than driving to a location advertising being open only to get there and see the cleaning person ignore you as you try to ask for the hours.

Edit: finally was able to get the attention of an employee who says they close from 4am to 5:30am"	1
1880	Today july 31st 2020. 2:00pm. Just get the burger from this mcdonald. See what they give it to me. A piece spit meat. Nice job	1
1881	I used the curb side feature. It's excellent	5
1882	Ordered a filet o fish. Didn't put tartar sauce on my sandwich	1
1883	How could u give me the wrong order?????I order the blueberry pie and u give me some holiday pie????or u just don                           t have the pie????an	1
1884	"The food was top notch and very enjoyable, the inside of the place is above average in size and variety if seats and tables. Customer service was amazing and the place has multiple places to order in their drive through for multiple people at once."	5
1885	dammmm evrytime I go there they have attitude problem they forgot to give me fries with my orders when I went back and tolled them that I was missing 2 orders of fries they gave me an attitude like I was asking for  $1000 I payed for it like dammmm it's not like I wanted to go back at 12:30 am just for those measly fries my kids was craving it so that's the only reason I went back . They really need to hire new stuff more who is more pleasant and polite	1
1886	"Service was terrible I had to wait for ever to get my food, then when I finally did it was a security guard who gave it to me that was behind the counter for what ever reason he didn't have on gloves he put his dirty finger in my cup when he pulled it out the group of cups I won't be going back to this location the staff speaks spenglish I can barely understand what they trying to say I didn't get sauce for my biggest it's just terrible service on top of the 75chool kids in there standing around waiting for their orders"	1
1887	Ordered Uber Eats. No drinks or cookies were in my order. Cold food.	2
1888	"Too many noisy homeless gangsters there, making me very uncomfatable!"	1
1889	"In store experience is generally better than delivery. Order breakfast for my whole family, all that was delivered was 2 orange juices. When I asked the driver he said he even asked if there was any food and stated the employee said no. Not sure who would only order orange juices, for the trouble and price the corner store juice is way better. Deliveries need to be handled better, not the first time missing items or a whole order."	2
1890	"There is a major problem with this McDonald's!! I have been coming here for years, and I put up with alot of inconveniences! Non the less, last night was appalling!! What's wrong with the girl cashier tan skin, black hair, the Hispanic or Indian girl with the yellow long press on nails?! Im sure you can single her out of the crowd. I wont say her name even though they all kept saying eachothers names out loud like it was high school musical back there. Is it mandatory for her to not give me my receipt? I , like many other hardworking Americans who have been coming here for as long as we all can remember,  need a receipt; especially just incase how fast food workers forget to give us all of our order.. and wouldn't you know it, not only did they fail to give me my receipt,  but they failed to give me the correct order. I asked for my order more than three times! Is it also part of the owner's of McDonald's policy to berate the customer in Spanish? I'm Puerto Rican and I understand everything they was saying. How rude to have said all of that in front of the customer,  and about the customer.  Is this how you value your rewards members? I'm going to post about my experience on any social media platform! Mark my words! I would also like to state that the woman manager allowed her staff to keep acting maliciously and she acted as if nothing was going wrong. Is this how you run your establishment?!
The African American fellow, tall, with a kind of lisp, gave me again the wrong order and the wrong receipt. Must be nice to pick out the garbage a receipt from three hours ago to give to me, thinking i wouldnt know the difference! The owner should pop on in!! Must Like losing out on money.
Many thumbs down! I'm going to spend my money elsewhere. Zero s!!!!!!"	1
1891	"Place was busy..no chasier at the time. Just had to order in the kiosk or through the app. I ordered on my phone through the app and I got taken care of in a reasonable time. People who ordered on the kiosk and couldn't pay by card, had to wait for someone to collect the money at the cashier. With all the chaos, I want to say the team was handling it. Download the app on your phone and service will be faster. Also, the app does offer deals and free stuff with purchase."	4
1892	They are not 24hrs them doors are locked after 10pm & open at 630AM & Breakfast Ends at 10AM they just backwards	2
1893	Best mcdonalds in the area but for some reason they charge a few cents more. Not a big deal but just something I noticed. The staff makes fries fresh forreal lol upon request. Nuggs are Hit or miss. But burgers are pretty good. Not a fan of the chicken products from here but the other mcodnalds on 86th and 20 has good chicken	4
1894	Just the right amount of salt and fat  to raise my blood pressure and help clog my arteries.	5
1895	I ordered a medium 2 cheeseburger meal they gave me cold fries I returned them & asked for fresh one they gave me another batch of cold fries haven't been back since i don't know who is allowing this to happen but it is extremely unexceptable	1
1896	"Just left the drive through around 12:10 AM, the overnight crew is very unorganized. I                           ve had issues on different occasions. Today, I was at the drive through for 5 mins waiting for someone to take my order, at this point I thought it was broken, so went to the first window, nobody was there, drove up to the second window, where I had to wave down a lady, and told her I was waiting for someone to take my order. She then ts going back and forth to another lady, who told her apparently that wasn                           t true. They stayed going back and forth until I had to wave down another worker walking by. He came up, I told him what happened and he said the worker was in the bathroom and to go back around. Now there                           s 3 more cars in front of me putting "	1
1897	The morning shift is very racist and racially profiling	1
1898	Only one burger on my Big Mac ? Cmon     	1
1899	The food was amazing I love it I mean the lady who was cleaning was being rude but besides that it was great	5
1900	"The worst mcdonalds you can ever come to.  They never know what people order, they put wrong food in the wrong bags, they have trouble following special instructions, and you'll be you'll be lucky if you deal with a nice cashier. I'm allergic to many things and had asked the cashier to make sure she did not put those products in my birth lose products in my Burger, however everything I named was in my Burger my Burger rather than out of my Burger.. These employees will fight with you until you are out of breath, they never admit they're wrong. And the coffee here is always made incorrectly I don't understand why. I make sure I drive past this McDonald's and go to another one. Although I don't eat fast food much, But if I ever do definitely not going to this McDonald's ever again."	1
1901	"Very rude and nasty people at the inside counter; no help or patience for people who are old and not computer savvy. At the drive through, they messed up my order and charged me for what I hadn't ordered. The lady manager was nice though."	1
1902	They said they                  	1
1903	"The place seems cool, actually isn                           t bad as other M"	4
1904	Pretty good. About what you expect from a McDonald's    	4
1905	Ordered pick up and when I got home realized 3 items were missing almost half the order. How you complete an order and not make sure you're putting everything the customer paid for. Never ordering from here.	1
1906	After renovation this place has become one of the newer McDonalds around. Things have also gotten busier but that means fresher food.	5
1907	"Morning afternoon or night, they never have frappes"	1
1908	"Why does it say 24/7 dine in if they lock the doors after 1 am
Rubbish description and I'm FREEZING"	1
1909	"This was possibly the worst experience I                           ve had at a McDonalds.
First they give me the wrong order, which was fine but then they asked me for my receipt which no one ever gave me in the first place, thinking I                           m there to steal a few burgers.
Then I was asked to swing around back to the pay station. At this point 20 minutes had past just waiting. We were then asked to pay yet again, meanwhile the young woman we initialed paid with took our card and charged it. There was a line of incorrect items and people waiting to get their                          "	1
1910	Double check your orders before leaving. Twice in one week I've ordered different meals and when I get home. Only half my meal is here    	2
1911	Staffs are good.good service.	5
1912	"Stopped by on my way to work... Very fast, drink was made well and food was food lol I appreciated their prompt service"	5
1913	Cops had to show up.. group of kids  being super loud. Don't know if there was a fight ... almost $3 for a plain  burger that use to be $1	3
1914	"I like the convenience of this McDonald's for  parking and drive thru,  the food is fresh and the place is clean,though I think because of the Covid increase they don't let anybody sit inside. My problem is the workers organization. Nobody is at the register or someone to help you at the kiosk. One kiosk machine did not give you a receipt, another gives you just a white paper. Long wait to pick up order, took like 20 minutes. Once you get your order it is missing items from your order. Today, I was missing hashbrowns. I also ordered hot chocolate with caramel and I got coffee  instead. I did not change it because two weeks ago, the same thing happened and I had to wait 20 more minutes for them to give me the hot chocolate. I thought that was an isolated incident but it happened again today. For this reason I'm not coming back to this place ever again. Goodbye!!!"	2
1915	"Pretty average McDonald's, the seating is nice, the service is also quite fast. The food is pretty average. It does get crowded sometimes, so I suggest that you go there knowing what you want so that it's a bit easier for the employees."	4
1916	"Very fast, clean and good service."	5
1917	"Took over 45 minutes at the drive through, so long at 9pm on a Sunday,  doors locked, uber, grubhub walking up to the drive though in front of cars waiting over 45 minutes.

Other days, they are usually fine, so I am going to think this was just an understaffed night."	3
1918	Fast and efficient service...The food is always fresh	4
1919	"Came in to get 2 iced coffee and some chicken nuggets. The Manager of the day was lousy and gave our nuggets to someone else and blamed the employee. Speaking of, the employee helping us was fantastic. Offered to give us free coffee when we weren                           t able to use our points to  redeem our second coffee, and defended us from the manager when we were being blamed for not getting the nuggets when we were still "	3
1920	This mcd is the worst service ever. Don't come here	1
1921	"I just walked in to get myself some breakfast and was told that they're closed, that they can't turn the registers on yet. Why is a place known for serving breakfast closed at 7:30 am? Seems pretty unprofessional."	1
1922	Well we went for breakfast.. first off all the girl at the front wanted us to use the ordering machines to place our order and than presided to say that they didn't sell breakfast past 11:00am. so the manager than said to place oder by the register which that is what we wanted to do in the first place                                      we'll we ordered finely and than to realize that gave us half of what we ordered    	2
1923	Worse customer service I have ever experienced. I dont know how a mobile order can take 30 mins to load on their screen. Or why no one can help you at drive thru apparently it would work if you walk into the store??? No you should get a manager or someone who wants to help instead of people telling you that your holding up their line. As far as I though I was still a customer. Not everyone would like to go into the store especially with covid. Just learn to help people instead of treating people like cattle.	1
1924	Always service with a smile! It makes my day to see the smiles of the  who great me at the drive thru windows.  And yes you can see the smiling behind the masks.	5
1925	I bought a Big Mac..  I was eating And I saw a hair on the meet..  never ever going to buy in this place	1
1926	It's a busy place.  Employees are not very friendly. I only come to this location for the convenience but they usually very slow.  I always need to check my orders before I leave because they frequently missing stuffs or got it wrong.	2
1927	Table service is chaotic. They walk around with your food on a tray searching for you for minutes. It can be better organized. The fountain soda was watery and needed it                           s syrup changed and it went ignored. The open floor pl	2
1928	"Got BOGO Quarter Pounders during my break, service was quick and the burgers tasted really good. Added some extra toppings and the amount was perfect."	5
1929	"The waiter was impolite, bad tone, and impatient                           

I don't know what is impatient with the waiter?
                                                                                                                                                            "	1
1930	The worst McDonald                           s I have ever been to and will never go back again. We had to repeat our order like 5 times and they still messed up 	1
1931	They never get your order right.	1
1932	"So I decided to order two mango smoothies, but the person listening let us go to the window but we never got it."	1
1933	It         	3
1934	This McDonald                           s had a full makeover but the customer service has went down since then. Today was the second time in two weeks that they got my order all the way wrong. I	2
1935	"Too expensive for the type of service they provide. They treat you as if they were doing you a favor and you pay for yr meal.  What for do they ask if you want mailk and sugar for yr coffee if at the end you have to ask anyway. Horrible service, and with a mean face. If you don't like yr job quick it and get a job you like. You talk to them and they ignored you."	1
1936	"The drive through worker was very rude.
Wanted to order food, however they told me they were closed and when I drove past they pointed and laughed at me."	1
1937	"FASTFOOD? I use the drive thru, I ordered a oatmeal, the attendant told me is $2,71. Next window I pay with $10 bill she charge me $7,51. I told her something is wrong because I just order oatmeal, she was rude and told me is not my mistake next window somebody is going to take care. After 5 minutes the manager came and said I going to give you $2 more to complete the change. No sense to make people lost time, after this complete failure I decided to cancel my order because, the attendant and the manager don't not how to make simple additions and subtraction. Use a calculator to add 1+1. 17 minutes take all this simple equation."	1
1938	"Service is incredibly fast. Just done with the register, not yet put back my wallet in pocket and my order is ready.  Workers are pleasant, patience and with no attitude mostly.  What I like most about it is that they do not impose any unnecessary rules and restrictions on people there plus incredibly pleasant and open minded with people from various backgrounds.  This the best McDonald's in the area I have seen."	5
1939	"Seems like a new McDonald's, my first time here. Got my food really quick. They have the high tech screen ordering and mobile ordering. Very big parking lot and drive thru windows. My food came out hot and tasted great. I hate getting cold fries. I was given fries right out of the fryer."	4
1940	"This is the worst Macdonald you can imagine, the customer service deserves 0 s and the employees don't care at all if your happy or not with the food you paid for. They will give you a nasty attitude for no reason when you ask for BBQ sauce they tell you they are out of BBQ and give you look like your asking for something they shouldn't have."	1
1941	"Been there since yesterday, and the place looks fairly nice after it's been renovated

Rating: 10/10"	5
1942	What the owner should monitor is the attitudes of spanich servers she has nasty attitute she is on the heavy side i don.t know her name we were just asking for an xtra ketsups bcause the kids askd for it n her reply was omg nasty...	2
1943	Long wait for the food but the order was right and the ice cream machine worked	3
1944	"I'm allergic to onions, I tell them every single time to not add onions and for the last 3 visits my burgers continue to have onions put on.. I end up switching my meal with my wife because she doesn't want me to get sick or go hungry.. I worked at McDonald's, its not that difficult to build a burger without adding onions.. DO BETTER!!"	2
1945	"Check your food before you leave!
My experience was horrible, the girl who hands out the order has the worst attitude, i get it you work at mcdonalds but you choose to be there.
I asked for a quarter pounder and all i got was a buns and a patty, going back and dealing with that girl was such an inconvenience, if you can avoid this place, do so."	1
1946	"I know it was just a McDonald                           s, but there are clean ones too where staffs regularly c"	3
1947	"4 days ago, 8 o'clock hour (am), I Asked for a sausage biscuit with cheese... Got a sausage and egg on a biscuit. I was clear when ordering, because I had to repeat myself to the manager who had to assist the cashier that was servicing me, what I wanted. Nonetheless, I get change back, leave and I leave with a sausage biscuit...                                                                                          ""I actually told YOU when you came to help her"". Then receiving my sandwich and saw it was the wrong one, STILL!!! Joke's on me for thinking I had the last laugh but I just might with this review     "	3
1948	"This has probably been the best Mcy D's I have ever been in 10 years. I really don't eat McDonald's much but I'm glad I did today. The staff were super professional, sweet, and down to earth. The food was hot, not barely warm, but Hot. Thank you guys           "	5
1949	"I only come here late at night.  Staff do okay, they seem pretty busy with drive through or other tasks.  The dining room stays dirty for a long time while the cashiers are helping out behind the line even if there are only a few customers."	2
1950	"Horrible location. Frequently makes mistakes with larger orders. Almost every time we come here with larger orders there are missing items. Rude employee as well. One time refused to give me receipt at drive thru.
Was there yesterday also, and the employee at the drive thru window did not wear mask properly. Only half the mouth was covered and the nose was not covered at all. Note that this McDonald's is located in one of the NYC Covid hotspots."	1
1951	"They always get something wrong or forget something . From one less nugget in a 6 piece Happy Meal  or apple slices, down to even a juice box. If my daughter ate nuggets from another place I would never come here."	1
1952	"Use the drive through to order. The girl gave me the wrong flavor soda. I told her what i ordered and she gets angry and says ok, pull up to the next window for your soda.
I say no, I'll wait here, please just give me my soda. She would rather argue then just fill the cup with soda. She tells me that I'm making everyone in the drive through wait. I said no McDonald's sloppy order taking is making me wait. I encourage everyone to not pull up out of the way when fast food restaurants screw up. They do that so ""corporate"" doesn't yell at them for having slow initial order to window pickup time. Do the job right and orders will be fast."	2
1953	Terrible experience. Nobody knows what's happening. I ordered at the kiosk and wanted to pay cash. When I went to pay the girl just took my money and left. Didn't give me the cup I paid for or the new receipt with the order. 2 people then told me I didn't pay when I infact did but the other girl didn't give me nothing. Won't be coming back.	1
1954	Drive through employee's are not customer service friendly. Most of them just take your money and give your order without any aknowledgement and with attitude. What ever happened to Welcome to McDonald's can I take your order please? Thank you and Have a nice day?	3
1955	"When i go to Mc donald i eat every time crispy chicken
Crispy Chicken was best but this chicken was not cook well"	1
1956	Excellent food and service. I always go for the specials and they never disappoint. Gnocchi was delicious. The outdoor section is really pretty. And the bread on the table is a great combination. I always end up with lunch the next day especially with the pasta dishes.	5
1957	"My son and I love coming here. Amazing staff, food is great, and the new renovations look great. A shout out to Nick who works here.. thank you again for smiling and making my son feel very welcome."	5
1958	Mic Ribby was smacking. Atmosphere was a 'lil lackin'. Service? It was slappin'.	5
1959	"We didn't enjoy our visit to this McDonald location.  The ice tea was warm, our fries and burger were cold and rubbery. The only thing I enjoyed was my cappuccino. We will not be visiting this McDonald's again. It wasn't that busy for them not to have hot fresh food prepared."	1
1960	"This McDonalds is such a hit and miss, I                           m about to give up. This establishment has such incompetent workers that are careless and mindless at work. How do you mess up what orders to put in a bag? Or make such sloppy orders. Have some pride in what you give out to people who pay, especially high fees from ubereats. Like come on seriously get it together its not that hard. How irresponsible can you be, even at work. Like I know it     "	1
1961	I f n said light tarter.	1
1962	Very friendly fast service	5
1963	"Me and my wife always love McDonald's especially their fires but this place make me rethinking McDonald's service mindset. I have order there a couple time but they never ever give condiment when ask at the drive thru. I always had to double check and remind them again when picking up the order. What really disappointed me and make me laugh was a month ago I order two Cheeseburger and to my surprise I got bread, pickle, cheese, and ketchup??? There was no beef. Again today, I thought maybe I'll us the mobile app to order for the first time and just maybe just maybe they will get my order right. No surprise and usually I don't write about these little things but when it happen over and over again that irritate me. McDonald really need to improve their service in the US. I have been to other countries McDonald and never have gotten these kind of service. Sadly McDonald has good food but bad service."	1
1964	"Degenerates served me a chicken sandwich which was completely burnt to where it was as hard as a rock, cold and dry as if it was left out for days and none of them had mental Acuity to not put that piece of garbage in my bag of food"	1
1965	"Newly renovated! They have added extra drive thru lanes. LOL! I think we waited longer to get food. The fish sandwich was good, but fries tasted like yesterday's!"	4
1966	"New building, same poor service. Frankly, for service to be this bad for this long, it becomes harder to blame the workers and easier to blame management. Went to the drivethrough at 2am and ordered some value menu sandwiches...after waiting nearly 20 minutes for them to process a single order (with three cars in front of me), I decided to leave. Their credit card machine is also down intermittently."	1
1967	"It's a McDonald's...
What do you want me to say? Bathroom was clean, service had a minimal amount of angst and my order was correct and prompt...

They probably deserve a higher minimum wage."	3
1968	Ordered a 6 piece nugget received 5 pieces. inflation to damn high for McDonalds to be playing with my nuggets.	1
1969	"Being remodeled. We stopped for a quick fast food and were advised they will be closing in a few days for 2 months remodeling. I cant wait until then because this is the only local McDs around here and will be missed during renovation. See ya soon. 2 months, like around November 2019 will revisit and rate."	3
1970	"Thanks for the kind nice Ashton!!!
U r the best guy help me a lot during the midnight~"	5
1971	"Still unable to eat inside , now yo set your order on the screen yourself , I like it that  way , so I have no problem .
The girls were very helpful and friendly handing out the order ."	5
1972	It was used to be one of very convenient McDonald                           s stores. No dine-in services and no restrooms make things difficult for everyone. I can't imagine how every place is going to 	4
1973	"Tl;Dr poor service, frequently gets orders wrong.

We try and avoid this place even when we specifically have a hankering for McDonald's. We always have an issue at this McDonald's no matter what time of day,  whether we order from a food delivery service or in person. The orders always get screwed up,  from missing items to getting a sausage egg and cheese mcgriddle that just had cheese! If there was other fast food options besides pizza and halal nearby we'd probably never go here again.
But today I finally understood why it's a mess: there's no communication. It was a busy time since school had just let out and I stood for about 5 minutes waiting for a Dr. Pepper and watched the crew work in relative silence while pushing out food orders without tickets and without speaking to each other. Anyone who has worked in food service knows a quiet kitchen spells more trouble than a loud one. Eventually my sister flagged down the man doing drink orders and asked if the drink he'd just placed in the row of 8 other drinks he'd been setting down indiscriminately was our Dr. Pepper and he said yes...it was a Coke.
Management here really needs to have a talk to the crew about working together as a team and communication, especially when it's busy. Yes it's just a McDonald's, and I'm not expecting white glove service from a fast food joint, but our community deserves better than what we're getting for sure."	2
1974	"TLDR: You can get the BTS meal here - two sauces and special bag included.

Never thought I'd be writing a review for a McDonald's, yet here we are. Was disappointed to hear that the purple packaging isn't available in the U.S. (@Corporate: missed opportunity!). Hesitant because the paper bag adorned with the BTS logo was not guaranteed to be available at all locations. Fears were quelled, as I saw other guests sitting outside, and the elusive BTS paper bag going for $70+ on eBay was elusive no longer. Utilized the self-service machines to order - quick and easy. Medium and large sizes available (opted for medium, which was more than enough food in hindsight). Liked the Cajun sauce more than the Sweet Chili sauce, but just a personal preference. Total of the medium BTS meal was $8.39 + 0.74 tax = $9.13. Food was nothing special; just happy to support the boys.

As always, please be kind to food service workers.

Borahae!   "	4
1975	Worst mcdonalds ever. Always something missing with the order. How can you forget chicken nuggets in a Happy Meal. Imagine you come home and your child finds out there          	1
1976	"Clean, new McDonald's with a new policy of lunch beginning at 11am - even though their menus t showing lunch at 10:30am... Found no mention of the change anywhere in the internet when checking for lunch t before going, so I had to sit for half an hour to wait for lunch....
One thing that is still classic McDonald's? Their poorly trained, rude staff. Don't assume I know that lunch is at 11 because ""it has been this way since we reopened"". Classic McDonald's - poor customer service experience..."	1
1977	Worst McDonald's every they never get an order correct they never give ice in their drinks and serve warm soda! Takes forever to get the order then it is not correct! The phone number is out of service so you can't even call to complain! WORST MCDONALDS EVER!!!!	1
1978	There used to be a play place and after recent construction I was taken away. No need to bring your children here anymore.	3
1979	"Worst driver though order experience, they give the order to someone else, when you ask where is your order then they take you recipe. No one cook your order until you ask them again."	1
1980	"New electronic ordering system, but the servers are not trained to use it.  Servers don't use the table placards and instead keep calling out order # to look for customers.  Also missing items from menu.  Location renovated and looks nice, staff is incompetent."	1
1981	"Recently renovated. Food tastes fresh and before the pandemic shutdown, the place was spotless. Offers 2 drive through order lanes for speedy purchases."	5
1982	Very Bad experience. I was harassed by managers Named Rocio and Roberto. They brought a negative experience and were screaming at customers and employees...	1
1983	I                           m very upset with my recent visit. Part of my order was wrong and they won                    	1
1984	"Good local fast food service, located in the neighborhood at 73rd Avenue & Kissena Boulevard. People are always friendly, whether you eat in or take out. So pickup from sausage on a biscuit, pancakes with or without sausage, burgers, apple pie, coffee or fountain soda, at times has special promotions, nice variety menu.  They do have a kids room for parties,  Large parking lot or drive order menu board then drive up window and pay.  Opens early to late."	4
1985	"This particular drive through is nice and fast. Its easy to get a Big Mac, fries and a coke in less than 5 minutes. Staff is also very helpful all around. This is one of the faster drive throughs in Queens or indeed the five boroughs."	5
1986	"Went to the location on 73rd and Kissena Blvd. last night for the first time since the renovation.  It was a very nice experience.  The renovations was nice but most of all, the staff was so very pleasant and could not have been more helpful.  Such lovely people.  Thank you."	5
1987	The managers are bad. They get your order wrong most of the time. Do not walk out without checking your bag. 15 minute wait at night. The Filipino manager doesn't know anything and usually have to be reminded by staff. Need to stick to Burger King. These other people posting positive things apparently work there because all you see is people returning with their order.	1
1988	"Place is spacious, clean, had parking, and 2 bathrooms.  But when I went they had no Automated teller machines, and only one Human Cashier during a busy time of day.  Completely inadequate."	4
1989	"This is my local McDonald's for the past 25 years. The owner/manager is always around keeping her staff ready to take the next order and pleasantly. The food is served as expected which is hot and delicious and the appearance of the store is upkept and maintained well. Drive thru cashiers could all improve on listening well and confirming orders. A smile goes a long way especially when they made a simple #2, large w/ coke to be complicated. After 25 years of coming to this McDonald's, I leave happy til next time!"	5
1990	"The best thing about this McDonald's is the cleanliness compared to most McD restaurants in Queens. The worst thing about it is the staff. They pay no mind to customers waiting in line to have their order taken even when it isn't even busy in the slightest. Sometime they don't give me my receipt. Sometime my order will be ready in the bag, but they'll set it aside, and realize it much later, as I watch them complete other orders wondering why mine is taking too long, and it turns out my order was read all along, they just never bother to call the number. I can go on and on... almost everyday it's something different.
Two s is the best I can do."	2
1991	Attitude with no straws or ketchup. I torture myself by coming here because I always hope the customer service will improve. The staff's unprofessionalism has helped me to decide to detox from fast food.	1
1992	The worst experience ever. I was cursed at by an angry female employee. Which i heard from the other employees that she has done this before. They said the manager and her are either family or real good friends.	1
1993	"Never get my order right in the drive through then told to pull over we will bring your food in a moment. Defeated the whole point of the drive thru experiance dont you think. If it wasnt for my child wanting his happy meal, I myself always make it a point to skip this place."	2
1994	We usually bought in this McDonald's but after a really bad service with the server. I didn't come back anymore also I try to solve my problem with the manager and he ted yelling at me. I told him don't worry I will make a complaint with the Corporation but this not work neither. The woman who answered said every owner train their manager to know how to deal. Then I come few days later and the forget my ranch I said I will pay extra and they said no sorry only one is the only I can give you. And every time I come I buy 3 kids meal because my kids are 3.. The                  woman                  took the complaint but never contact me. Rude employees... I pay for 3 kids meal I was in the restaurant eating they forget my chicken nuggets in the 3 orders the                  woman                  who took my order found then the hispanic         sy for that... Never you will see me here again we go to another McDonald's close to our house there's no kids playground but they treat you better.	1
1995	"Worst place ever! Young man on speaker does not listen to order and does not type it on the reciet all the time, girls in front are always lost and if something is written on the receipt they still don't read it. They also get annoyed when you ask for stuff to be fixed like more cream in coffee, or a sauce you did not which goes with the meal that was on the receipt, etc. Also very sloppy throw food in bag upside down like nuggets or tenders,  also don't wrap the sandwiches well and the papers all greasy, ketchup on top of fries. Always try to get orders out on an unrealistic timer ever for a fast food place and once that happens they close out the order and make you pull to the side to wait for food while 3, 4 people behind get to leave with there orders. It's ridiculous! Just give the whole order at the window this isn't a race and people everywhere else have to wait there turn to complete there orders and go. The weekend crew is even worse!"	1
1996	"Missing items in order #1606 on 07/23/2022. You guys need to pay attention, it               "	2
1997	"Food is good but the customer service is terrible. They always have an attitude, I rather drive 10 mins further to the other McDonalds. I don                  "	2
1998	"I wish I can give this a zero . The employees fight over the food order, honestly the worst McDonald's place ever. They even charge 25 cents for barbecue sauce, while other McDonald restaurants just lend it over to you with respect."	1
1999	"Very slow drive thru. They pretended to accept and acknowledge my coupon when I placed my  order. When I pulled up to pay they charged me full price without telling me that they never input the coupon. Find another location,  because the people here don't do the job properly n"	1
2000	"The staff is horrible, I have a problem almost every time I go and it's always the staff. Especially the managers."	3
2001	"I never ever ever complain but I've had enough of this place. Its the nearest McDonald's to my home and I will never come back to this location again. During the day they get my order wrong, during the nighr its even worse i dont even get my order! Its the only McDonald's that has issues all the time. I use my mobile app come in the drive tru its a hit or miss depending who is working some say next window pick up my order and good but then the guy says come inside....i tell him i picked drive thru not inside and he's like i dont do mobile orders. I go inside to the lady i tell her i have a mobile order i give her the number and all she does every single damn time is say wait over there by the other mobile people. 40 minutes later im just so sick and tired of waiting you would think they would ask what is your order or van we help you nope. I ask where is my mobile order i give the number again and they say oh i dont see it. I got so pissed that they wasted my time again that i just left. Other times they get my order and say i didnt pay im like yes i did the app has my card and i pay with the app. 5 minutes later the lady like well i dont see it u have to pay. I take out my wallet and shes like oh sorry i forgot to press pay on the touch w.e they use. Im just so sick and tired of this location. Its the only place that has alway and i mean always gave me problems nearly evertime i come."	1
2002	"I ordered big mac and ice coffee for my lunch , I had 30 min break so I ordered in advance, mobile order, i went there and I see my order on the screen , 15 min later my order is gone from screen no one khew about my order I spend my 30 lunch break waiting they give me a new bbidgmac n ice coffee different what I order !!!! Horrible"	1
2003	"This McDonalds is ok but in the morning, I always have to worry about whether they are going to do my coffee right. The other day they gave me black coffee when i asked for light and sweet. Situations like this is a regular occurance.  In addition, there is a male manager there who yells at his employees all the time. Once he pounded on the drive through window and yelled toward me to get my attention. Not a very nice gesture at all."	2
2004	"This place is great,  you could order anything EXCEPT Milkshake. Everytime i order milkshake for my friend at whatever hour, it always, ALWAYS breaks down and they ask me if i wanted something else. I'm like...... "" No, my friend is looking forward to that "" But i had a feeling something like this is gonna happen. I just wish if the manager can order a repair on their machine. It's getting a bit ridiculous for something like this to happen everytime i order. So no, I'm not happy."	3
2005	"The food is okay when you're on the run. But I just walked into the men's room and had to run out. For an establishment that maintains a healthy profit, they absolutely need to update their 19th Century restroom accommodations. And come up with a maintenance schedule."	3
2006	"This place is known to always get your order
wrong or they ask you to pull over so they can bring it out. Today my order was missing something when I asked why, the person at the window gave me an attitude and asked me pull out. By the way the person who took the order had a headset and she was on her phone."	2
2007	"I'm here with my children to enjoy the indoor play area. However,  there is a manager male with earnings in both ears (for identification purpose only) who is extremely rude to the employees in front of customers.
He definitely need some business advice and a lot of common sense.  My 9 year old wanted to know why he is so upset at everyone. Whoever you are, please don't ruin your customers mood. I'm compelled to post this. Sad."	3
2008	There's a asian worker that like to help people with McDonald's kiosks order if you want to learn and make your order more faster by yourself       	5
2009	"I think this is the worst Mac Donalds I have been to . The worst customer service. A Spanish guy supposedly to be the Manager, was very rude to customers taking orders and was very  rude and nasty to  the employees giving orders.

He took my order and he didn't even know the menu. Gave the wrong order..
And he talked nasty to customers.

I think  MacDonald's head quarters should go and check up on this place specially on give a  training to employees and managers in how to  give an excellent service. But this is not a plasent place to have a Burger..

Sorry, for me I let my money there.. Shame on you MacDonalds."	1
2010	Terrible McDonalds                            I ordered a f           	1
2011	"They're really quick most days. Have no issues redeeming offers from the app. If the QR code doesn't scan, they still take care of it. Kudos!"	5
2012	I Placed my order on the app on 7/21/21 and paid for meal through the app when I got close to the restaurant I place my order after arriving 10 minutes later my order was still not ready I stood at the pick up counter and had to fine someone to help me which took another five minutesThere was absolutely no one at the counter to help	2
2013	They renovated this place for no reason. The staff forgot things in my order and not to mention that I had to wait long for simple stuff while people who came after me got their food and left. They gave my daughters the wrong toy and forgot food items.	3
2014	"The service was fast, maybe a little to fast. They didn                "	3
2015	I order from grubhub here regularly today Iam absolutely shocked that there was a Large Coca Cola drink missing from my Double QP Meal. Iam absolutely Shocked and surprised at how Dumb these McDonald's employees can be if you Fail to Put a Drink In a Combo meal Order you should definitely not be working in Fast Food you need help and Iam absolutely stunned at this whoever prepared my meal today and Failed to put my Large Coke definitely has the mindset of a Medieval Wagon Donkey.	3
2016	I am giving 1  because you can't give a half. I will t driving another 20 min away before I come here again. IF YOU GO THROUGH DRIVE THROUGH CHECK YOU'RE ORDER EVERY TIME 10 out of the last 10 times I did order was wrong. Small fries have more fries then the large. If you order a Big Mack you will either get no mac sauce or more sauce then meat and bread. The staff is horrible drive through sucks and even if you go inside you will have to return to counter atleast 3 times before you get everything. This McDonald's has been here for ever and has been going down hill for the last year.	1
2017	"BTS MEAL HERE IS NOT GOOD.

They have no BTS packaging.

There                           s also only one sauce of the 2 available.
The soda "	1
2018	"Food was the usual fare, but the ordering process needs work. Asks for Table Number, but do not explain that you need to take a sign to ID your table."	4
2019	"Every single experience is not enjoyable. I just came from there, my receipt says 3:30pm and it's 3:45pm, I make it home to find that my order for a McDouble is just a regular cheeseburger, at that I was questioned on what I ordered at the takeout window. Next time don't question ME and make sure YOU have the right order. Waste of existence."	1
2020	"Not so good. Order drive through, but found out to food is not what I order (extra charge). Play ground is poor maintained. It is much worse now compared to my visit eleven years ago."	2
2021	Nicest McDonald       	5
2022	"Standard McDonalds, staff does not care and does not give you the time of day. If you are in a rush you may want to think of something else to eat as it takes forever, even if you go through drive through. If you ask for extra sauce (any more than 2) expect to pay additional charges."	3
2023	"This seems like a new building. But better than that is the super friendly staff! Every employee with whom we spoke was super nice, polite, helpful and smiling! Highly recommend this McDonalds!"	5
2024	"This place sucks. 10 minutes for my order. The expeditor said someone else took my order. It was never given to me. When i get home, i dont see nugget sauce in the bag. Horrible service. While waiting for my order I observe the expeditor throwing food away becuase she messed up the order without serving it yet. Nobody touched it yet, why throw it away."	1
2025	"I rate them zero, the staff are nasty & unprofessional, especially the manager. I don't know how she's the manager? They have never heard of customer service. I hope they get shut down real soon."	1
2026	"staff were very nice, got my order right however the people that are usually in there are just so obnoxious, you're probably better off eating outside or taking it to go"	3
2027	I wanted to give it zero s waited over 15 minutes for curbside pick  up  for my order which was 1andwich with my sleepy toddler in the car I walked in thought to see if they had it ready and maybe  didn                           t have enough people to bring out because that                           s always the issue at this location but as I walked in bunch of people high-fiving and talking asked for my order and instead of looking for it they wanted me to reorder it some how 1andwich got  lost and I am the only one waiting on the curbside  pick up ....  this is very disgusting behavior I unde	1
2028	Poor customer service                            doesn       	2
2029	"Seems staff there didn't bring there brain to work, always wrong orders and slow, there was one time curbside pick wait 25 minutes, can you imagine that?"	1
2030	"Not a very pleasant McDonald's to visit.
#1 the area for the lines is small. So expect to be cramped when it's busy, and be confused as to where the lines are, and where they t.
#2 the employees are not friendly, I wouldn't say they're mean, but they obviously don't care about any pleasantries, or seem to care about you.
#3 there is no where in the store an area where you can grab napkins, or ketchup, or straws. You have to go up to the counter and ask them for packets and straws and utensils, during lunch time when lines are longer and it's getting congested at the counter, it makes it worse when people have to constantly come up to the counter and ask for something.

I don't recommend coming here if you want to stop and relax for food."	2
2031	My 4 pc happy meal was missing 1 nugget in addition to a whole 6 pc nugget missing from my bag. I'm not sure if they cant count or cant read but I will not be spending money at this McDonalds ever again!	1
2032	"What can we say about McDonalds as a whole. This place inparticular is nasty. Yes, I do come in for coffee but I try to limit myself to that. Homeless hang out here, not saying they should be kicked to the curb but the place smells. The workers are ok except there is this one woman that has been there for like 2 years and has not mastered the art of the register. Don't come here about 3pm, high school kids are nuts. Anyway, I know this isn't new to lots of people but It was fun writing it. Thanks. Next time ill make coffee at home."	1
2033	I order 2 happy meal nt given apple juice and didn                           t give 	1
2034	"I recommend going here if you've ever cut me in line, chewed loudly during a movie, or screwed me over in general, as this place tends to take longer than most and taste worse too. I've gotten some poor service on multiple occasions. I'd say I won't ever be back, but this McDonalds is open late and too close to my house."	2
2035	"I'm doing Door Dash.. The servers are young they spend a lot of time talking to each other and Not paying attention to the window. Door Dash items are on the counter ""Waiting"" to be passed to drivers    "	2
2036	Went in a few moments ago and ordered a quarter pounder with cheese meal. Instead they gave me a 20 piece nugget and when I went back to exchange my order they gave me my quarter pounder              	1
2037	"The cashier/attendent thats taking orders and collecting payments from the drive through talks to people as if she is barking at dogs. No professionalism.  As i took several bites into my burger there was a horrible taste.  When I open it to check the meet it looked like someone took a can of cat food, make a burger and give it to me half cook. I thing my cat food would tase better than the burger I received today here."	1
2038	"I went to McDonald's on Kissena Blvd in Kew Gardens Hills today and ordered an ice cream cone.  They said they have no cones they can give me a cup.  I said ok.  When I get to the cashier she charges me for a sundae.  I said to her why are you charging me for a sundae when i am just getting ice cream.  She said thats the only other option, I am charging you for a plain sundae.  I reiterated that a sundae is defined by ice cream with topping.  The cashier made me over pay for my ice cream in a cup. I didn't get a topping but she made me pay for one."	1
2039	Standing at the counter for more than 10 minutes and the employees just keep ignoring us. There are at least six employees. We just need an ice creammm	1
2040	"Good place for a quick lunch or snacks
They have so many things  to choose."	4
2041	They have rude staff and slow service. I have anxiety and this place just triggers my nerves. Overall food is as regular as it can be I guess. Forgot the sauce or forgot the straw kind of service.	3
2042	"I almost always use the drive-thru and English is my first language and I'm born in New York City. That being said, numerous times I have been unable to understand the other person in the booth and they cannot understand me. Sometimes it is faulty intercom issues itself. But, often it is someone in the booth who does not understand or speak English properly! This is highly frustrating when I have to repeat my order as much as six times! Yeah, I said six times! Last weekend,  it was an Indian kid  who I could not for the life of me understand! And he could not understand me. A polite enough kid when I reached the booth, but seriously frustrating experience! Other times it's someone who does speak the language properly, or a close facsimile LOL but they are distracted by their phone. When I finally reach the booth to pay, often, and usually female LOL, the cashier is thumbing through her phone. McDonald's needs to set some standards for the people who work the drive thru. If you are face to face with a cashier with language issues, it's easier to deal with, but, Don't put these people on the Drive through intercom! By the way the food is just fine there. No issues on that end. LOL, work it out Mickey d!"	3
2043	"Well. They finally put the right prices up on the drive thru menu. I asked for a coffee with milk with my meal they said ""what size?"" I said ""whatever is included with the meal"" They gave me a medium with cream and charged ne an extra $.50"	2
2044	Never get your order right at the drive thru.. theyvalso have you pull to the side and take forever to bring out your food.. hat this place	1
2045	They renovated this McDonald's and it's huge now. It's still McDonald's but faster drive thru. Still open 24/7 and a good place to satisfy your McCravings	4
2046	"Value 4/5
Taste 4/5
Service 3/5
Presentation of food 4/5
Appearance of the establishment 4/5"	4
2047	"Too many homeless people sleeping at night. Near the restrooms & nobody is taking them out of the place. It supposed to say ""limit seating time 20 minutes"" & worst of all. Nobody is renovating the place with the red shingles & the Playplace too. Please do something about this!"	1
2048	I have never visited a place like this McDonald's that can not get an order correct. While waiting for the correct order the cashier was complaining how tired he was.  I just want a correct order and enjoy it without hearing complaints.	1
2049	unfortunately they are abit unprofessional	1
2050	I bought ice coffe ..I told her give me light ice coffe .she mistakenly gave me sugree that's fine I went back .i was paying .that girl felt her mistake she said I will give you another one I said ok.one girl came with attitude and she said come and pay here ..she totally dont have idea how badly I can insult her with bad dealing. Just she is working female .I didn't say anything. I hope in future I will not face any problem..	1
2051	"Everything was fine, but once i ordered on app and chose drice thru to pick up. The employee was really impatient and sighed."	4
2052	Upgraded but you have to double check your order as they will not give you ketchup or sauces unless asked  & still they will forget	4
2053	Lots of noisy kids. Maybe because of the play place. Food is ok. Nothing worth coming back to!	3
2054	As soon as I walked into this establishment I was greeted with friendly staff and a short line to wait on. The cashier Nia helped me pick out exactly what I wanted because I was indecisive and her recommendations really did help. Thank you once again and this is very rare to find a McDonalds as nice as this one	5
2055	Pretty big store and a lot of tables to feel comfortable	5
2056	By far this is the best Mcdonalds in Queens and Brooklyn. The staff and service is well put together. The food is always hot not like the other Mcdonalds. I've been here a few times awesome.	5
2057	The employee directing people to use the kiosk was very helpful and I would have posted pictures but it was so good	5
2058	This location is supposed to be closing in August for major construction and it will be replaced with a new McDonalds. This was my go-to McDonalds when I went to Queens College and I still come here on occasion. I will miss it for sentimental reasons and the staff here is usually friendly and not bad to look at. Hope it reopens soon.	3
2059	Takes so fuxcking long to get Mt order ready like it's a just a ice cream tf	1
2060	"It looks clean, food is like any other McDonald's.  Disappointed the playhouse is not there anymore. That really made this place worth going to. Gave the community ties to this particular mc Donald's. I'll be going to the one thats closer to my house from now on. R.I.P. RONALD MC DONALDS PLAY HOUSE.   SINCE I COULD REMEMBER - 2020."	2
2061	Service was terrible. Cashier ignored me until I spoke up. Items were not handed to us as they were ready so I reached over the counter and grabbed my 2 items.	1
2062	"The McDonald okay. Got my orders right. Go there for breakfast and dinner. Cant stand troublesome kids that hang in there sometimes, but it is not the  restaurants fault."	3
2063	"A couple of edp's in here but the staff was friendly.
Staff is out of control today.manager yelling at everybody.nothing is going right.3/21/17
1/4/18 Amazing to see so many employees made it to work in this Blizzard today and seem happy.Good job!!"	4
2064	Food is always great but you have be careful with the drive through.  They've forgotten things on my order a few times.	4
2065	Every time I go here they make me go to the dam kiosk i don                           t know why when I have cash in my hand and I                           	1
2066	"I had good experience with this Mcdonals that                           s why I always go, but today (08/27/20) as usual I went drive thru.... one lady (has fair skin, who knows what she is, very arrogant, no respect and doesn                           t have any manners) she asked me what is this for when I gave the coupon and I said large fries ( my order is a large fries and caramel frappe) and using the coupon for fry... she said okay and told me my total is $14 !!!!!!!!!!! .... for a frappe and a fries.!!!!.. and screamed at me and said I asked you in the begi"	1
2067	It's better than most McDonald's I've been to. Quick service and the food is well prepared. Can't really ask for more.	5
2068	New renovated McDonald                           s but the food taste old. I bought an	2
2069	"A nice place with good service. Coffee is hot and fresh and better than bucks! .  Get there early and it is a relaxing way to t the day.
McDonald's is classic American."	4
2070	Staff went out of their way to help. Food was good and hot.	5
2071	this place wouldn                 	1
2072	"DO NOT GO NOW - under renovation, there                           s no drive thru either. Other than that they   "	4
2073	These people Had me waiting in drive through for 10-15min	1
2074	They can never get our orders right large or small. I'm always going back. This place has poor supervision. Everyone looks so unhappy. Worth driving to another location. Been coming back for punishment for 15 years hoping it would change.	1
2075	"It's McDonalds. Outdated. Needs a makeover. However, it's still McDonalds. We still go. Service is generally busy and rushed. Parking is plentiful on both sides. Food is okay, neither bad nor great."	3
2076	"1- customer service is bad
2- except to wait 5 minutes to get the food
3- the fries and the food are nasty they dont taste good
4- from my experiences and whenever i go , i never heard as much biping machines as i heard in this place

This is the worst macdonald i have been at

Overall, would prefer to go to the other place near by ( arya kabab ) instead of coming back to this place"	1
2077	I've only been here late nights so far but service has always been prompt. The workers are great and work efficiently despite all the people that come here.	5
2078	Many people don                           t have the time but just go on the drive thru and you will have great time cuz you speak to 3 people one takes your order one says the price and one gives you your order so if one is not being wat you	5
2079	"What i most like from this McDonald's is the ground play, I took my nice an nephew and they got a good fun day, there is table inside the play area so you can eat and watch closely your kids...
Really loved this place."	5
2080	"The gentleman that was working there that afternoon was very helpful and friendly, thank you so much! You should be manager"	5
2081	"Ordered via the app and received the food quickly. Fast service, clean and the food was fresh even though we went at peak lunchtime."	4
2082	This day we tried the Mobil app love it but it needs to be where we don                        	4
2083	I had a good experience at my nearby McDonald's. I got a breakfast. Everything went well.	5
2084	"This is worst McDonald                           s, literally I had to wait 20min to get my non fat ice latte. Worst n horrible service.! Will neve"	1
2085	Dec 26 this Mc Donald's is always poorly managed. Today they have no syrup for pancakes and no hot drinks only their awful coffee. I only come to this McDonald's because I'm doing my laundry next door. Otherwise I never eat here.	1
2086	Just the average Mc Donalds nothing special. has clean bathrooms and is near a lot of other stores to shop at. A fun place to visit in general I guess.	4
2087	Been here several times and every time the service is horrible. They need to hire better people. People that care.	1
2088	"Gotta say...this is the best McDonalds around.  Drive thru is quick, and if you ask for ketchup or dipping sauce, they give you more than one.

Open 24 hrs, you can't beat that!"	5
2089	"Newitem rib bread not so good                           bread small and no vegetable and source too much
I Hope have some"	3
2090	"This mickey'd sux. They never get my order right, and they always put too much sugar in the ice coffee. Then when you tell them their mistake, they'll talk back to you as if you did something wrong. Word for the wise, ask for the receipt, just incase the workers don't believe you."	1
2091	Clean and friendly! But don't order Uber Eats the food was cold! And they took longer then expected. I hate that waiting and waiting! 25 minutes late that's just not good service.	5
2092	"Why would anyone hate McDonald's?::::::coffee is inexpensive,oatmeal with fruits my favorite ::::I have only eaten fish sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes::::::::::my preference is whole grain bread however it is not on the menu"	4
2093	VERY BAD SERVICE. THE TWO YOUNG LADIES AT THE FRAPPE MACHINE WERE VERY RUDE BY NOT WANTING  TO SERVE ME. THEY WERE VERY AWARE OF WHAT THEY WERE DOING BUT KEPT PUTTING OFF FROM MAKING MY DRINK. I'VE SEEN CUSTOMERS WHO CAME AFTER ME LEAVE BEFORE ME. MY FOOD WAS GETTING COLD. VERY BAD SERVICE. TIME AROUND 11:30-12P.M	1
2094	I had a food poison after having a 4c meal for my Thursday lunch.	1
2095	"The young employee seem that she work for free (nasty behavior) the place looks like from the 70's very old and weird.
Food was very poor!!!
Macdonald's must review threir food and employees"	1
2096	"Staff is ok, and the order is a hit and miss. The food is just ok. I had better from them."	3
2097	"They totally redid the store, modernized and bright. The order kiosks help you customize orders and service is very fast."	5
2098	"If you order at the kiosk, they'll bring the food to your table."	5
2099	Very good	5
2100	Mcds not good I repeat not good can't seem to get anything right something is always missing fries always cold the chicken nuggets just ain't the same the ratio of patty to bun is ridiculously and that new chicken sandwich what a shame absolutely horrible	1
2101	"This McDonald's has horrible service for the morning breakfast they will make you late for work.
Their morning management and workers need much more improvement, they make you wait as long as 15 minutes to receive your order.
Don't go to this McDonald's unless you plan on being late to work!!!!"	2
2102	Great workers!	5
2103	This place is severely understaffed. I hope upper management sees this and doesn't punish the workers instead of actually fixing the problem.	3
2104	Forced to use kiosk to order even when lobby is empty.  Took awhile to get ice cream cones.  Clean.	3
2105	Love this place is nice and clean the people that work there are so nice and polite they also bring your order to the table great place     	5
2106	"I went to get iced coffee this morning and they say ""we dont have iced coffee"""	2
2107	Sweet tea Sausage Biscutt $2.48 tasty filling and really cheap breakfast leave it to Micky D's to set the Bar High!!!	5
2108	"Very clean, love the new burgers, the the eating atmosphere. But McDonald's and my diet is just a once a month affair. Lol."	4
2109	The usual McDonald's good drunk food. Crowed in drive thru service still pretty quick. Price went up a little not much still good deals	4
2110	"There should be an option to leave 0 s not one I was treated completely unfair I walk in & I gave my order, my order was wrong I kindly walked over to the other lady and asked her to fix my order, after waiting 10 minutes they took my food in the back snatched it out the bags slammed it on the table put the cheese on & tossed it back in the bag unwrapped and told me it's okay I asked for my money back and walked out,,, there needs to be a GM that comes and fix this place because it's a nice place good area but the staff sucks and there's no management leadership"	1
2111	The Food Here Is Great The Butter Milk Tenders Is To Absolute Die For The Wait Is Not Very Long And The Staff Are Nice. Great Fast Food Place And I Hope It Succeeds	5
2112	Never come here after 10pm you will be waiting forever for your order literally 45 minutes.	1
2113	Dont eat Mcdonals its not good for u lol	1
2114	Chinese lady cashier refused to order. There is a app on the phone where it can have buy 1 get 1 free drinks.They force customer to buy the first drink if the second drink is free or not.	1
2115	Professional and speedy staff. Tbh I don't eat here. Was at the drive thru for someone I was hanging out with at the time.	5
2116	Excellent service and food...	5
2117	"Disappointed. They constantly mess up orders. I ordered sweet tea without ice, they gave me un-sweet tea with ice."	2
2118	"The food was very fresh. Although one man short, however they pulled it off. Amazing!"	5
2119	This place is very nice and clean. Most of the staff members are very friendly and has smile on them most of the time. Would repeat	4
2120	Food was good but they messed up our order	3
2121	"My order was wrong, the staff is young impatient, unprofessional, to say the least. Don't eat here."	2
2122	Will will not much new store but Amy sill there I left this store in 5/20/2003 as a assistant manager . And never went back to the store till now 17 years later and I                  	2
2123	I always buy ice coffee hazelnut I always ask for 4 cream and 4ugar but you guys always make my order wrong please train your workers how to make ice coffee because I always drink half and throw the rest in the garbage because it does not taste the way how I want it	1
2124	"Worst Service Ever, They always mess up my order"	1
2125	How are you guys not busy but I ordered food at 330am it is 5:00am and the Uber eat driver telling me you guys aren           	1
2126	Efficient and reliable.	5
2127	Workers walk around doing nothing while customers are lining by the numbers. Also they Skip people if some One they know come in that's totally unfair when I've been online for 35 minutes	3
2128	I only use the drive thru here. They never give you a receipt unless you ask.	3
2129	I went to get a iced coffee and they gave me the wrong size i ask to give me the correct one the manger puts a descrasefull hand in my face! THIS IS THE WORST MCDONALDS IVE EVER BEEN TO! IT SHOULD BE CLOSEDDD	1
2130	Employee forgets to give me the drink which i payed for argues about me not prderinging it and when i showed him the reipct then goes on saying his coworker had msssed up amd its not his fault.	1
2131	Go here anytime BUT OVERNIGHT. Overnight staff is very slow and cant speak english or understand English........When are the Robots coming? Im sure they can do a better job.	1
2132	Food is great as always you can never go wrong with McDonald's but the bathrooms and the playground were not that clean in this location !!!!	3
2133	Can I get mayo on that? We can give you mayo packets and you can add it. < McDonald's workers in a nutshell. AND THEY THINK THEY DESERVE $15 AN HOUR!?	1
2134	Was great but now they no longer stay open late. Have to go to another one in next town over. Inconvenient..	2
2135	Not friendly staff. Always have a wrong order	3
2136	"Service was horrible they were very disrespectful, and not following covid protocols."	1
2137	"service is good but I would recommend cashier to change their gloves when touching money, cleaning counter and then touching food at the same time."	2
2138	"Restruant I visit most, I hate after school it's too crowded, I hate late night it's too slow and rude workers. But I understand, and am grateful for unwavering service"	5
2139	"It's not bad drive through wise, besides the facr that they allow homeless people to stay there, it has gotten better"	4
2140	they need to do something about the sprinklers next to the ordering board customers get wet while ordering beside that love the service	3
2141	How is this 3 large fries?!	1
2142	"They are ok, they just need to get more organized, and need to have a better attitude."	3
2143	"Busy place, management need to make sure they clean their dining area more ofen."	3
2144	Can't go wrong with mickey D's.	5
2145	it's fast food. it's open 24 hours. there's free WiFi and plenty of seating. it's also clean. what more do you want?	5
2146	"They charged me twice on my credit card, and then when i went back they were straight lying on my face
Even when i had my statement open...
Employees and managers needs to learn how to behave"	1
2147	"It's a loud McDonald's, staff is ok. I always use drive thru, don't like to stay there too much noise."	3
2148	Nice place & a tad bit busy but you got to make sure your orders at done correctly	4
2149	Great store. Manager stephanie is the best. Very kind and professional. The store always clean and very fast service	5
2150	slow service for drive up- both times i've  been there	5
2151	Kids love this MacD because it has very safe and interactive play space...good service and sitting place...its difficult to get kids out once they enter this MacD...	5
2152	"This McDonald's is ok compared to other locations  , definitely in need of a modern renovation,  limited seating and full of old people hanging out"	3
2153	"Food was fine, but they got part of my order wrong twice. However, they were responsive in correcting the matter."	3
2154	McDonald's is a nice fast food restaurant in a beautiful & quiet neighborhood. It                           s near to the Q25 & Q34 	5
2155	Possibly the worst Mcdonalds in Queens. The service is absolutely terrible. I saw a rat in between the two entrance doors. The employees had done nothing about it. Disgusting.	2
2156	Areas are generally clean and the staff are good natured.	3
2157	"This place was very nice, I was there with my daughter and grandsons in the play area, it was full of other kids and we were very relaxed watching the boys play."	5
2158	Friendly staff. The touch screen machines are easy to use and there                        	5
2159	"Professional staff, clean environment, almost no wait time to get my order."	5
2160	Food is always served at the right temperature.  Staff is on point. Is clean and suitable for breakfast lunch and dinner	5
2161	Late night crew horrible there is no one at the register everyone is hiding in the back and the short asian manager has a disgusting attitude and barely speaks english food was cold and my hamburger bun was stiff meat was horrible	1
2162	"The service is lack, because of the internet orders. There is not enough of personnel to handle the cashier to receive the walk in orders. Very disorganized personnel, and they need supervision."	1
2163	Soda was sour like they didn                           t set up the machine right. Somehow the sandwich station mi	1
2164	"It was the end of the school day, alot of teenagers chasing each other through the place, s reaming yelling bumping into people acting like thugs. Management did nothing"	3
2165	"Please somebody do something about the night/overnight  service..  it's terrible
My daughter always wants chicken nuggets and fries. But usually take me 30 - 40 minutes to get it"	1
2166	The worst service ever!!!! The night managers are horrible. The workers are unenthusiastic  and seems to just be going through the motions they never greet you they seem to follow the mood of the managers	1
2167	No refills on drinks owner keeps ac on low making it hot inside. School kids sit at all seats taking up space and are noisy.	2
2168	The food is normal but always check ur nuggets some might be missing or the whole container as well!!!	5
2169	Good customer service very clean nice and neat fast In-N-Out	5
2170	"Clean and friendly staff, typical food. Great service bring food to your table"	5
2171	Always seem to end up with missing items from my order 	2
2172	"Express no waiting long time
Very respectful ."	5
2173	It doesn't matter how many nuggets you get you have to fight for the sauce. It's so annoying!	1
2174	Is good because it has a play area for the kids. However there are a lot stranger who might approach you to ask for money.	4
2175	Great food and the drive-thru is pretty quick too	5
2176	"Human meat r mixture in their chicken products.tjeir slushies n milk shakes,chocolate chip frappe all their drinkable product r fine"	1
2177	Sometimes they cant handles all orders... But so far its good	4
2178	Used the drive-thru. 1 window pay 1 window pick up. Fast once you place your order.	4
2179	The apple.pie is everything....yummy with a smile	5
2180	"This McDonald's has a group of homeless people that take up many seats by the bathrooms. Unfortunately, they add a bad odor to the area where they congregate."	2
2181	Terrible hospitality from the one taking orders; she needs a break or let someone else take care of customers.	1
2182	Excellent place. Have been a long time customer for many years.	5
2183	8 times out of 10 there will be missing something from your order when going through drive thru	3
2184	The updated McDonald's is more efficient and able to quickly process through their customers	5
2185	Just okay the place was clean but the attendant wants to me to order from the kiosk and I wanted to be a real person and talk to a real person at a register she would not let me send it was not a good experience	3
2186	McDonald's service and good taste are declining rapidly and they do not care. And they do not care. All they care about is collecting the cash.	1
2187	"Cashier is kind. Well dressed, and well mannered."	5
2188	Customer service was excellent and the food was fresh! Awesome	5
2189	The worst Mcdonalds I've ever visited. Managers treat employees as animals. They also have poor customer service.	1
2190	Waited in the drive through line for 40 minutes	1
2191	Literally messes up orders consistently. Always something missing or instructions not followed.	1
2192	Bad service and some of the cashiers have a nasty attitude.	1
2193	Their staff is very rude & make wrong things	1
2194	I love McDonalds is is the best fast food restaurant that i have gone to in me whole life. One of the great things about this place is the great food selections and great prices.	5
2195	"I used to pick up food from this place 3-4 times per week. Why did I stop? The staff behavior, insanely rude."	1
2196	"Good service and quality but bad food making, the cheese and ingredients fall out the burger a lot of times"	4
2197	"Well-maintained location, however, order fulfillments are not swift/timely."	3
2198	"Don't eat McDonald's, it's not good for your body."	1
2199	Totally ignore my order and ask the customer to walk over to the other side of the store to pickup their order when they should walk to the customer instead. Manager is nowhere to be found.	1
2200	Don't even cook the food correctly when you walk inside. That's why I always go through the drivethru SMH !!	1
2201	They still mess up your orders and don't give you any condiments	2
2202	Strange drive thru entrance; quick service. Packed with students from nearby high schools around 2-3pm	4
2203	Nice and organized store. Good quality food	5
2204	"Charged me for one thing and I recived another, because the cashier was rushing...not nice. The food as usual."	3
2205	Easy no contact pay. Quick & efficient drive thru service	5
2206	Excellent bathroom when I really needed it! Thank you Mickey D's!     	5
2207	Worst McDonald                         	1
2208	"Quick Service good food and the restroom is  extra clean, ample parking."	5
2209	"Convenient location for a fast food restaurant, friendly staff, ample seating, quick turnaround time."	4
2210	Bro they always get my order wrong	1
2211	"Standard iced black coffee, from 250-01 Northern Blvd, little neck store. Give your employees a reference!!"	2
2212	Fast service great quality can't go wrong with McDonald's	5
2213	"Store now sucks, very few items on menu at high prices, rude cashier."	2
2214	Used to be a great McDonald's but since they rebuilt it hasn't been the same.	3
2215	They can never get your order right.	3
2216	Good Food but Mchicken made me destroy my bathroom.	4
2217	Good parking lot but seems like they are short with staff as it's dirty inside with garbage container fully loaded	3
2218	It's a McDonald's no more no less.  They are polite and quick	3
2219	"Not a good McDonald's location. No free refills.
Good was not very good compared to other locations."	2
2220	Shakes are always  good here and french fries	5
2221	Every time they give the order less than my order	2
2222	Typical McDonald's. Parking lot and drive thru not well-planned. Good bathrooms...	3
2223	The manager is so unprofessional and disrespectful. She literally needs to get a better attitude.	1
2224	Clean cool super place in queens . Thanks.	5
2225	"It's awesome experience, staff was very friendly nd nice."	5
2226	Bad service worse neighborhood you will get robbed	1
2227	Courteous staff and fresh food are the strong points of this location	4
2228	Unless it's the afternoon staff service is horrible. Always screwing up my orders.	3
2229	They reopened after being closed since last summer for reconstruction and the place is wonderful.	4
2230	As far as McD's go... This one is good... Usually get quick service... Cleanliness is good...	4
2231	Sometimes slow in the drive in all prices went up	3
2232	Workers can be rude and nasty but great food!	5
2233	Went to this location with my nieces and nephews and they enjoyed the indoor play yard.	5
2234	"Nice, place is very clean, fast service - friendly staff"	4
2235	Horrible service from Manager Stacey at stir 3162.  No apology for messing up my family's order.	1
2236	Service is good and restaurant and bathroom  are Clean. Some items are really good	3
2237	The place is pretty big and not very crowded. Has a good place for children to play.	4
2238	"Beautiful appearance,  very clean,  and have hug play area for kids to enjoy themselves"	4
2239	Fast service. Food warm. Lots of people moving through quickly. Lots of school kids..make it noisey	5
2240	"Bad service, Chinese lady cashier refused to put order for me. They said here can't use coupons in app. Really bad service."	1
2241	Service is too slow and the cashiers have no manners the place is under no order need new management	1
2242	Wait is too long good cheap food friendly staff	3
2243	no one answer at driver thru	1
2244	"Liked it
Loved it
Enjoyed my meal        "	4
2245	Could be better with some deals as holiday season is here	3
2246	The worst McDonald's I've ever been to   	2
2247	"There is a Lady that seems to be the manager that knows all about work in there, has a nice area for kids to play"	5
2248	"I waiting for five minutes nobody service me
My order is sitting on the table nobody give it to me"	1
2249	Ordered Large fries no salt was added	3
2250	Always good food here. Fresh and fast!	5
2251	Staff was too busy having a conversation in the back instead of helping	1
2252	Sometimes it hard to use WiFi in McDonald. That mean you can not use coupons to purchase.	3
2253	All of those workers got an attitude. They act like billionaires.	1
2254	Food no fresh!!! The burger seems like made long time ago.                             	1
2255	OMFG!!!! THE ABSOLUTE WORST MC'DONALDS THAT I HAVE EVER DRIVEN THROUGH. WORST SERVICE EVER... NO APOLOGIES!!! Good luck to whom ever drives through that place.      	1
2256	For a very busy area the Mcdonalds here is very outdated and in need of serious renovation the lights outside dont work and inside seems very retro	1
2257	Staff are always nice	5
2258	Is back service	1
2259	I like ordering here coz they allow me use bathrooms	5
2260	Newly renovated but we visit the drive thru	5
2261	Drive through is not open 24/7	1
2262	"It,s a,great place to take the kids to enjoy the food as well the indoors playroom"	4
2263	"The food was horrible, and they kept making mistake s on the order"	1
2264	"good, especially after renovation
very busy but not problem"	5
2265	I love how they have re-renovated the place and I like that they bring the food to the table	5
2266	Can             	4
2267	Very unprofessional rude manager	1
2268	Drive through has two ordering lanes. Fast drive through service	4
2269	Slow as hell takes took 35 minute to make a big mac and 10 tenders	1
2270	"Every single time I came here they always mess something up, then I have to waste time and rejoin the drive through line."	3
2271	Newly renovated with new crew under going different customer style so a little chaotic.	3
2272	Clean dinning dining area and quick and friendly service.	5
2273	"Fast delivery, order was on point. Great overall service"	5
2274	lines go quickly and it has two drive through	3
2275	"Love the grand big mac. Nice staff, great food"	5
2276	I like self served soda fountain	5
2277	Great location..food and awesome drinks	5
2278	It's the second night that I  come drive true no ice cream to bad	1
2279	The meat needs to get cooked better and the service needs improvement	5
2280	Quick service	5
2281	Been utilizing this franchise location for over 20 years. Love it!	5
2282	My kids love this place	5
2283	Service is bad. I asked sauce they didn't gave to  me...	3
2284	"Missing food three times a week, idk what were they doing"	1
2285	Drive through is super fast and food is always fresh	5
2286	The service is bad. The cashier is no prepare dollar bill for change. Let customers wait a time. So poor service.	2
2287	"Great staff, clean place and fast service!"	5
2288	I always love sitting outside eating my lunch or dinner	5
2289	WARNING! THEY WILL TOW YOU IN 2 MINUTES FLAT IF YOU BUY THERE BUT STEP INTO THE DRUG STORE NEXT DOOR	1
2290	"Worse service ever. Cold meal , slow service not coming back."	1
2291	"Good food, nice new change style"	4
2292	Friendly and quick service.	5
2293	Very good. Food is good. Price is good. Service is excellent.	4
2294	It's ok need better customer service	1
2295	"The restroom was not clean, utensils are not in outside,  u have to ask them to get it"	3
2296	Spac9 parking lot. Mobile order was waiting when I arrived.	5
2297	This McDonald                        	3
2298	"Still not allowing customers to eat inside,??"	2
2299	Worst customer service . Received a burgher without lettuce tomato and sauce. Disgrace to the chain	1
2300	The food was not that great the chicken sandwich was very dry.we order 4 meals of the same and it all was terrible.	1
2301	The managers have an attitude for no reason.  Haven't been there for long time.	2
2302	It's always my quick stop for fast food	5
2303	Who found these employees.......Completely rude and lost souls	1
2304	"Bunch of non speaking English Indians running this joint. They can't understand my order, gave me the wrong food. Speak English  !!!!"	1
2305	"Dirty bathrooms, horrendous food. Teens hanging out in groups without eating. Scary place."	1
2306	Nothing to complain	4
2307	Drive thru service very fast.	5
2308	2 times they gave me the wrong order. How hard is it?	2
2309	"There are people sleeping at the tables
There are people fighting and cursing in the restaurant. It's not a place to enjoy."	2
2310	"Lots of people, but manageable line and service is okay"	5
2311	Boring fast food joint.......not the same any more	2
2312	"Nasty, bathroom is nasty, smells bad no napkins,  poor service cheap cheap cheap,"	1
2313	Clean. Easy. Fast	5
2314	The manager is always stressed and doesnt know how to behave	2
2315	This McDonald's was very busy but clean and spacious	4
2316	"Very clean,Employees nicest people l met."	5
2317	The workers was fast in serving my order	3
2318	th                  y 	3
2319	"Lousy , can't make 1 good drive thru order"	1
2320	This is a family McDonald I recommend it cause it has a playground inside specially for winter time	4
2321	Good and fast. Gave lots of sauce of nuggets.	4
2322	Lunch served as early as 11am on the dot. No exceptions.	4
2323	Great drive through!  Fast!	5
2324	They still tend to get the orders messed up	3
2325	Just like any other McDonald's. No bad experiences from this branch.	4
2326	I used uber driver got lost and my food was cold and now prepared to my request	2
2327	Service here is fast .... And the staff is very welcoming	5
2328	Awesome place very good crowd and cooperative we staff...	4
2329	forget give me ice cream every time	2
2330	Clean and the food is well prepared	4
2331	Got my order wrong and went back they got it wrong again!	1
2332	There food is disgusting they don't clean and the food is made out of spiders that place is the worst worst worst worst worst worst worst place I've ever been before	1
2333	Official home of the Big Mac great place to grab a bite to go or dine in...	5
2334	"This retailler,slow and mix up orders,no maners from staff,ongoing."	1
2335	"Curbside pickup = Easy, quick and a little safer .."	4
2336	This place service not very nice they don't care what customer asked and rude	1
2337	drive thru was quick & easy!	5
2338	Very crowded after school. Sometime food can be mixed up.	4
2339	Terrible	5
2340	"Tasty food, new design, clean place, cool features and technology."	5
2341	"This place is very dirty even the playground where the kids are playing even it was vomit ,,, We couldn      "	1
2342	They are the cheaters! For one order they're charged me two times!	1
2343	Drive through is 3 times slower then other locations in greater Queens area	1
2344	My order was wrong bathroom was dirty tables want clean	2
2345	Took way too long to get my food and only one cashier open	1
2346	Miss how it used to look but the food is fresh	5
2347	Good food	5
2348	good fast food esp when ordering the specials	4
2349	Don't purchas the nuggets after 11pm cold hard and overall just not good	2
2350	"Exactly what you'd expect, from McDonald's, and 24 hours, too. Awesome."	4
2351	Service is fast and in a timely manner has parking	5
2352	Love their egg McMuffin and hash browns	5
2353	I thought it was good but my mom thought the biscuit we had today was nasty	3
2354	Drive through was smooth and service was good	4
2355	"What can I say, it's MCDs, when the craving hits there's like no other."	5
2356	"Worst drive Thru ever, don     "	1
2357	"Fast service, drive thru, friendly staff."	4
2358	very fast service and excellent coffee.	5
2359	"Good food, Helpful workers!"	5
2360	Good they have play area for kids	5
2361	Fast food that tastes great   	5
2362	Not kosher use to chill with my first wife here	3
2363	Pretty good especially at night on Saturday when the munchies kick in	5
2364	Perfect thanks       	5
2365	"Every time I order food from here, I always end up sick. EVERY TIME!!!!"	1
2366	Sad you can not eat inside	4
2367	Fast and great services	5
2368	Fast and very convenient.	5
2369	Fast service good customer service no complaints	5
2370	Very good customer service	5
2371	Best person mary roettger so nice	5
2372	Drive through staff sucks!	1
2373	"Fast service, great people, and a good environment."	5
2374	Its maccers and its open 24 hours. Gets you out of a pickle if you are hungry	3
2375	Food gets worse and worse as the years go by.	3
2376	The 2 for $4 is the cheapest you can get for breakfast. Very filling.	5
2377	Hours for very it's best to go inside in order	3
2378	Dirty restroom but good service !	4
2379	"Poor costumer service, staff arguing with costumers for asking questions."	1
2380	It was good great customer service recommended	4
2381	Staff are not friendly and sometimes rude.	1
2382	We love its French fries and chocolate frappe	4
2383	"Its ok, only 3 because a/c never works."	3
2384	Terrible considering that they don't have control of those school kids who are so rowdy	2
2385	The service has gotten much better.	3
2386	Kiosk was friendlier then the employees	5
2387	"The young woman employee is  very rude, she does not care what you say, always lost something."	1
2388	Very clean establishment my food was hot	5
2389	The service is always bad the employees are rude everything is always broke	1
2390	Great place worker are nice too.	5
2391	Very polite servers and fast service.       	5
2392	Very busy placr. Always packed with customer's	5
2393	I got problem with mobile order and the manager not willing to help.	1
2394	Very polite. Clean. Order very accurate.	5
2395	Very slow service especially at the drive thru	1
2396	Food is ALWAYS fresh!!	5
2397	Favorite place no matter where I m lol	5
2398	Their credit card machine is always down most of the nights I come	2
2399	Prompt service and good food (for fast food that is. )	4
2400	Food tasted bad and there was a fight inside the place	2
2401	Clean and friendly staff.  Play area for young children can be a real godsend.	5
2402	Went through  drive through normal customer service	4
2403	I love the way they attend you	5
2404	Very quick service.  Courteous staff.	4
2405	"Above average fast food restaurant, fresh food and clean."	4
2406	rubbish service	1
2407	Friendly employees and good food.	5
2408	Majority of the workers don't speak English and the ones that do are mad rude	3
2409	"Its terrible,  the play place is always dirty, the food is cold,         "	1
2410	Play area for kids inside. Delicious ice cream.	4
2411	nothing to complain.. just your regular mcdonalds.	4
2412	"Usually crowded, nice staff. Place needs an update."	3
2413	Most of the tables aren't cleaned.	2
2414	Not bad. McD is McD	4
2415	"Newly renovated. So far , so good"	4
2416	This place shouldnt even be open. Super nasty.	1
2417	It sucks staff don't speak English and they are not taking credit cards	1
2418	Good	3
2419	absolutely delightful. amazing. life-changing.	5
2420	"Good on most days,  not very friendly"	3
2421	No Sundae no ice cream ridiculous	1
2422	Staff is extremely rude and disrespectful.	1
2423	Drive thru service took a long time	3
2424	I like McDonald's is very nice	5
2425	"Very fast ,very helpful and very nice."	5
2426	24/7 great service	5
2427	Higher prices than other McDonald's	3
2428	"I am a person that is going to close restuants, i am going to be there in 15 minutes sharp"	2
2429	"Bad attitude, very rude to customer."	2
2430	"Just a regular McDonald restaurant
Nothing special"	4
2431	"Good food, great service"	5
2432	The service Its pretty Good	4
2433	Fries r bangin but dis place succx	4
2434	The same   The food always tastes the same	4
2435	Only go in for the chicken nuggets an DC unsweetened tea with Splenda.	3
2436	Staff was not responsive No condiments supplied	3
2437	Always busy and over crowded with middle school and high school students at lunch and after school.	3
2438	Remodeled location with extremely unpleasant staff	2
2439	Unprofessional worker. And take too long to make food.	1
2440	Rude drive through	1
2441	Service is quick & fries are fresh!!!	5
2442	Pizza	4
2443	They have stepped up their efforts in iced coffee	5
2444	It's okay not bad	3
2445	A great place to have some coffee	4
2446	This place is great for kids to play when the weather is  not great.	5
2447	"The worst McDonald's, the worst service."	1
2448	"Coffee is always good ,warm and fresh."	4
2449	Filthy and disgusting. Looks like they never clean the place.	1
2450	They always give me the wrong salad...	2
2451	Love getting my iced coffee here	5
2452	Fresh food good polite service	4
2453	"VERY, VERY BAD SERVICE ON DRIVE THRU."	1
2454	"Inside beautiful, anything is new design"	4
2455	Speedy service whenever I visit	5
2456	This place is fine!	4
2457	Don't eat fast food. Once in a blue moon the breakfast.	2
2458	Fries are always less in the box	3
2459	Always has disgusting smelly homeless people lying around	1
2460	"Good, modern McDonald's."	5
2461	"Poor attitude, slow service."	1
2462	Ice cream cream cookie and mad girls  ...good eats	5
2463	"Ok, packed, usually get the order wrong"	2
2464	Always reliably good.	4
2465	I wish  someone  would  learn  to put a burger  together	3
2466	Family box not a bad deal..	4
2467	Customer service is not good.	3
2468	Drive thru experience ok	3
2469	Didn't have my order	1
2470	Always getting my order wrong	2
2471	Hate this McDonald's managers are so rude to everyone	1
2472	All they give you are melting ice cream.	1
2473	"Could be cleaner, could have friendlier staff."	3
2474	Quick but very busy.	4
2475	Extremely long lines. Order is never right.	1
2476	"They have a play place for the monsters ,need i say more!!"	5
2477	My mom loves the coffee.	1
2478	Always has fast service!	5
2479	Fast service and great staff	5
2480	20 minutes for a mcflurry & soda.  Ignored when asked about it.	1
2481	"Very accessible place, clean and nice"	4
2482	Look old. Not clean place	3
2483	Service and cleanliness could be better.	3
2484	The food and service was excellent!!	5
2485	Nice clean and friendly service	5
2486	Lowest mcdonalds	1
2487	Do not eat there got apple pie for friend	1
2488	Would not easy there even if it was for free	1
2489	It's worth it if you have the mobile app	5
2490	Clean please. Good service.	5
2491	Littely the best fries	5
2492	Service was quick and good.	4
2493	I mean today they have everything today so      	5
2494	i found mousa man great guy	5
2495	Customer service could be better	3
2496	Fast service. Room temperature food.	3
2497	The old one was better	5
2498	Very clean and nice people	5
2499	"Sometimes slow, but have improved."	4
2500	The app will always draw me back here	3
2501	Fast worker give them props	4
2502	"Service is good, place is clean"	5
2503	Not clean place. Poor service.	1
2504	Sometimes they serve old food here.	2
2505	Hair in Food so be careful	1
2506	"Nice, warm & friendly place."	5
2507	"Not good, staff isn't that friendly"	3
2508	I would NEVER SPEND MY MONEY THERE AGAIN	1
2509	Best McDonald's in Queens !	5
2510	They take a little to long there	3
2511	average run of the mill Micky Dee's	3
2512	Average. Food was good	3
2513	Very good food	5
2514	Nice staff	4
2515	"Spacious, clean, big kids playground"	3
2516	"Lots of parking, fast, reliable, good"	5
2517	Quick & efficient service!	5
2518	Quick service and VERY clean	4
2519	Great service	5
2520	It's really good here!	4
2521	Thank good they remodeled	5
2522	Always check ur bag.	1
2523	Ok	3
2524	Tasty..	5
2525	Enjoyed their breakfast sandwich	4
2526	Horrible and disgusting. Avoid at all cost.	1
2527	It's the worst it gives you obesity	1
2528	"too much, long waiting very crowded"	3
2529	Great deals with the McDonald's app	3
2530	Super  fast service	5
2531	Good food	5
2532	Listening is key and thank you for that.	5
2533	"Family place,great food  "	5
2534	Pretty fast service	4
2535	McDonald's is Poison. Don't Eat	1
2536	Always the best service!	5
2537	Nice people working there	4
2538	Great deals and prices.	5
2539	Bugerking was dry. Not juicy.	4
2540	"Too crowded, slow service"	2
2541	incompetent employees	1
2542	Very nice people	2
2543	        	5
2544	Good place to grab a burger	5
2545	Workers are barking too baddddddddddddd	1
2546	Mediocre service always crowded	2
2547	Its mickey d's	2
2548	Love there service	5
2549	Quick and friendly service.	5
2550	Drive thru person inattentive	3
2551	Poor response from delivery counter	2
2552	It is a mcdonald's nothing speacil	3
2553	A little slow and outdated for sure	3
2554	Every order is always wrong	1
2555	Nice 2 for 5 is back	4
2556	Fast and efficient	5
2557	Fast and efficient	5
2558	Beat costumer service	5
2559	chinese lady is bad service	1
2560	memories!	5
2561	Fast and efficient service	4
2562	Love the fresh  fries	5
2563	Omg the lord of fast food	5
2564	Very dirty and bad assistance	1
2565	It's McDonald's..... What can you say?	3
2566	Nice new decor.	5
2567	double cheeseburgers please	5
2568	Slow people working in this place	1
2569	        	5
2570	Great food and services	5
2571	Breakfast here!	4
2572	Enjoyed the service and food	5
2573	Very good food	4
2574	Efficient and fresh food	5
2575	Bad customer service	3
2576	A little slow with service	3
2577	Raw meat this fresh meat is trash	1
2578	Good food	3
2579	"Excellent service, friendly service."	5
2580	Little filthy and especially playground.	3
2581	On a busy corner with poor parking	3
2582	Kool spot	5
2583	Okay good	4
2584	Worst MCDONALD'S IN NEW YORK	1
2585	Great Fast Service	5
2586	"Clen place, nice personnel"	5
2587	STILL IN REMODEL. NOT OPEN!	3
2588	Big play ground for kids	5
2589	Awesome stuff and food	5
2590	Fast and friendly service	4
2591	Play places are alway closed 	1
2592	Just your regular McDonald's restaurant.	4
2593	chinese lady bad service	1
2594	Very quick service	4
2595	Love the French fries	5
2596	Spacious	3
2597	Quick and efficient.	5
2598	Went down hill for me.	2
2599	Bathroom is smell bad.	4
2600	Not bad	3
2601	Good food	4
2602	Grt food	5
2603	Too croud	4
2604	Good food	5
2605	Love the quarter pounder	5
2606	Employees are no friendly.	3
2607	Was great	5
2608	"Good service,clean"	4
2609	Very good	5
2610	Need better service	1
2611	They are slow!!	3
2612	It's ok	3
2613	Fast drive through	4
2614	Rude employees	1
2615	Rude behavior by the staff	1
2616	Long wait	1
2617	Good	4
2618	Good    	5
2619	The place is a gold mine.	1
2620	Nice	5
2621	The lady at the first window	1
2622	Good	5
2623	Always busy and hectic	3
2624	Standard McDonald's.	5
2625	Busy one.	3
2626	Service was ok	3
2627	It was fast service	5
2628	Only as a last resort	1
2629	Fast food good coffee	5
2630	Very busy	4
2631	Its McDonalds. You already know	4
2632	Good food fast	3
2633	New renovated	5
2634	It's ok	5
2635	Good service	5
2636	"Cold fries, dry bread"	2
2637	I hate them.eeeeewwwwwww	1
2638	Excellent	5
2639	Food is fresh!!	5
2640	Don        	1
2641	G BBC	4
2642	Bum city	1
2643	I don't like	1
2644	Great	5
2645	Just fair	4
2646	Typical Mickey D's	3
2647	     cool    	4
2648	Great food	5
2649	Awsome experience	5
2650	its ok	5
2651	Good.	5
2652	It ok.	3
2653	Great..	5
2654	Okay just okay as expected	3
2655	Quick & efficient!	5
2656	Totally renovated	4
2657	Horrible neighborhood	1
2658	Best place ever	5
2659	Good crisp food	5
2660	Hot and Fresh	5
2661	Good	4
2662	Clean and fresh..	5
2663	Great service	5
2664	Great  service	5
2665	Service is slow	3
2666	Is local and near transportation	4
2667	ITS NIPLES ARE NICE	5
2668	Its okay	5
2669	I like it    	5
2670	Nice and clean!!	5
2671	Excellent 	5
2672	Love it	5
2673	cleaner than most ...	3
2674	Terrible service	1
2675	Good	2
2676	Great service	5
2677	Service declined....	1
2678	AMAZING	5
2679	Prices are over prices	2
2680	Only place around	5
2681	Yummy	5
2682	Good	4
2683	Good	5
2684	Its food	5
2685	Best staff	5
2686	Staff was rude	3
2687	Nice	5
2688	It sucks	3
2689	Nice and spacious	4
2690	Fresh food.	5
2691	Gross.	1
2692	Service sucks	1
2693	Good services	5
2694	"Average, average & average. That's it"	3
2695	Good services	5
2696	Nice renewal	5
2697	Notso good	3
2698	Cheap!	5
2699	Just kill yourself	1
2700	Fast and good	4
2701	Clean and quiet.	3
2702	Nice and clean	5
2703	I love food	5
2704	Trash	1
2705	Yuck	2
2706	Great	5
2707	Quite..	4
2708	bad service	1
2709	Its was good	4
2710	Good service	4
2711	I like it	5
2712	Ok	5
2713	Ok	5
2714	It's awesome	5
2715	An old reliable	5
2716	Love	5
2717	Fast service	4
2718	Good McFlurrys	4
2719	Eh it's McDonald's lol	3
2720	great service	5
2721	Average place..	3
2722	Good	4
2723	It was good	4
2724	Good	4
2725	Good	5
2726	Good	5
2727	nice and easy	4
2728	Not that good	2
2729	No specials	3
2730	Good	5
2731	good	5
2732	Great place	5
2733	I couldnt find it	1
2734	Good	3
2735	Equal	3
2736	Nice	3
2737	Ice coffee  	5
2738	Good	5
2739	Poor service	2
2740	Great	5
2741	Good	5
2742	Too slow .......	3
2743	Nasty	2
2744	Delicious...	4
2745	Nice	5
2746	Friendly staff	4
2747	Good stuff	5
2748	Good	4
2749	AMAZING	5
2750	Dirty	1
2751	Excellent	5
2752	Average McDonalds.	4
2753	Change seating	5
2754	Fast service	5
2755	Trash	1
2756	Fast service	4
2757	Good is good	5
2758	Fast service	3
2759	Neutral	3
2760	Legit	5
2761	Typical	3
2762	Dirty	1
2763	Nice place	4
2764	Duh	3
2765	                	5
2766	Nice place	5
2767	OK	4
2768	nothing	1
2769	Okay i guess	4
2770	Poor	1
2771	Good 	4
2772	Too ratchet	3
2773	Dollar menu.	5
2774	Gaby crassus	3
2775	r a little	5
2776	To DIE FOR	5
2777	Fresh fries	4
2778	Regular Mcdonald	3
2779	Great McDonald's	5
2780	Its mcdonalds....	1
2781	The big Mac	4
2782	Comfortable	3
2783	Its mcdonalds	3
2784	It's McDonald's	3
2785	My kids favorite	5
2786	"I used to eat here when my kids were little because there is a play area just for kids. Now the playground has been dismantled and redecorated, adding seats designed for the elderly, two extra-long tables, and a self-service ordering screen. The outdoor parking lot has also added a self-ordering place, and you can scan the QR code with your mobile phone or download the APP to complete the order."	5
2787	"Good afternoon, I have visited this business several times, there is an employee who attends as if she had a rage all the time, she attends reluctantly"	1
2788	"Mc, a guarantee but I expected a little more cleaning."	3
2789	The good thing is to take away because to eat there you refuse	5
2790	A very cool place to share with the family	5
2791	Excellent service                                   	5
2792	"Although it is said to be open 24 hours, but if you go late, only the car passage is left. And they are all old ink with no service attitude at all. Very slow to order. Very slow to order. Very slow to order. Important things are said three times."	2
2793	Lao Mo's attitude towards ordering food is extremely bad! It doesn't matter if you look down on people like a dog leg! Staff with such an attitude please come too!	1
2794	Lao Mo's attitude towards ordering food is extremely bad! It doesn't matter if you look down on people like a dog leg! Staff with such an attitude please come too! It is estimated that the manager is also a raccoon dog~ rubbish! Rubbish! Rubbish!	1
2795	"Today I came and everything was very dirty, the part where the soft drinks are refilled and the floor very dirty"	1
2796	"I love this McDonald's location for its easy access in Flushing, NY.
Especially since the staff is very professional and respectful, and I must mention that they can serve customers in different languages, including Spanish."	5
2797	"The service is lousy, the place is dirty, I hope they renew it soon, it is a home for homeless people, they already have their chairs marked where they sit. On one occasion, I went out to pick up my car and 5 people were smoking marijuana and it is getting worse and worse. It is nobody's MacDonald I hope it changes with your renewal."	2
2798	"I don't go there often, the fast food is simple and convenient, and occasionally there are big discounts, so I need to download the app. The environment is average."	4
2799	"Not long after the renovation, it is very clean and the service is very good. I remember it well."	5
2800	All good	5
2801	"Of the last 5 times that I have gone, the 5 times something is missing from my order, the hamburger is not what I order.   "	4
2802	"I had sex with an employee but she was black and had cirrhosis, put healthy people"	3
2803	"Excellent, the person suggested the best menu for us and they were very attentive"	5
2804	Super good	5
2805	It is clean but they do not turn on the heating in the children's area and the manager ignores this request	2
2806	There was everything on the clean menu and friendly employees	4
2807	"It is an excellent place with very good customer service, clean and Asian"	5
2808	"The environment is good, it is convenient to order food, and the distance between the tables is large"	5
2809	"We arrived, as it was somewhat early. Everything was closed and the salvation was Mc Donalds"	5
2810	Very clean	5
2811	I love	5
2812	They forget to put sugar but the service is fast	3
2813	"It is a good place to eat fast food, it is clean and the service is fast. I recommend it"	5
2814	"Good service attitude, fast food delivery, less queuing time"	4
2815	it's too bad	1
2816	It is very clean and well cared for and it has room for children to play	5
2817	delicious apple pie	5
2818	"A very cozy place, and with good attention, kindness in the staff."	5
2819	Excellent very good attention spectacular prices	5
2820	Good 	4
2821	Kids love the kids menu.	5
2822	Very small McDonald's much better hamburgers in Colombia	2
2823	The food is like anywhere the problem is that they make you look bad	3
2824	Clean and convenient! Good attitude	5
2825	Excellent Place 1 (A)	5
2826	I liked	4
2827	Quick service and good food	5
2828	Excellent 	5
2829	I especially love the fliet o fish	5
2830	Very clean and good attention	5
2831	Nice. A typical McDonald's	4
2832	Excellent 	5
2833	The attitude of most people is still good	5
2834	Good 	4
2835	Very rich	5
2836	"Well, they are cautious because of the pandemic"	5
2837	I love Fridays hahaha	5
2838	Ah OK	4
2839	It will always be the same	5
2840	Excellent service	5
2841	fast and good	5
2842	Good service kindness	3
2843	Well	5
2844	Quick and clean.	5
2845	Bery nees atenthion	5
2846	They don't sell salads.	4
2847	excellent	5
2848	come on!	1
2849	Good service	4
2850	It is quiet and comfortable.	4
2851	Good attention.	5
2852	Filthy AF	1
2853	I do not consume on site	1
2854	Excellent 	5
2855	It's good	3
2856	Good 	4
2857	Rich is the chicken	3
2858	Excellent 	5
2859	I love	5
2860	Excellent 	5
2861	Good 	4
2862	Poor 	2
2863	Neutral	3
2864	Excellent 	5
2865	Good 	4
2866	Excellent 	5
2867	Excellent 	5
2868	Excellent 	5
2869	Excellent 	5
2870	Poor 	2
2871	Excellent 	5
2872	Neutral	3
2873	Excellent 	5
2874	Terrible	1
2875	Good 	4
2876	Neutral	3
2877	Good 	4
2878	Excellent 	5
2879	Good 	4
2880	Poor 	2
2881	Good 	4
2882	Neutral	3
2883	Excellent 	5
2884	Terrible	1
2885	Excellent 	5
2886	Excellent 	5
2887	ext	5
2888	Excellent 	5
2889	Neutral	3
2890	Excellent 	5
2891	Convenient	4
2892	convenient	5
2893	Excellent 	5
2894	Good 	4
2895	Neutral	3
2896	Excellent 	5
2897	Excellent 	5
2898	Good 	4
2899	Good food	5
2900	24hrs	5
2901	Excellent 	5
2902	Excellent 	5
2903	                    	3
2904	Good 	4
2905	Excellent 	5
2906	Excellent 	5
2907	Good 	4
2908	Excellent 	5
2909	Excellent 	5
2910	Excellent 	5
2911	Excellent 	5
2912	Excellent 	5
2913	Good 	4
2914	Neutral	3
2915	Excellent 	5
2916	Neutral	3
2917	Excellent 	5
2918	Neutral	3
2919	Excellent 	5
2920	Excellent 	5
2921	Excellent 	5
2922	Excellent 	5
2923	Terrible	1
2924	Poor 	2
2925	Neutral	3
2926	Excellent 	5
2927	Excellent 	5
2928	Excellent 	5
2929	Good 	4
2930	Good 	4
2931	Good 	4
2932	Excellent 	5
2933	Excellent 	5
2934	Poor 	2
2935	Good 	4
2936	Neutral	3
2937	Excellent 	5
2938	Poor 	2
2939	Excellent 	5
2940	Terrible	1
2941	Excellent 	5
2942	Poor 	2
2943	Good 	4
2944	Neutral	3
2945	Neutral	3
2946	Good 	4
2947	Good 	4
2948	Neutral	3
2949	Neutral	3
2950	Good 	4
2951	Neutral	3
2952	Excellent 	5
2953	Excellent 	5
2954	Excellent 	5
2955	Neutral	3
2956	Neutral	3
2957	Excellent 	5
2958	Excellent 	5
2959	Good 	4
2960	Neutral	3
2961	Excellent 	5
2962	Excellent 	5
2963	Excellent 	5
2964	Good 	4
2965	Excellent 	5
2966	Good 	4
2967	Excellent 	5
2968	Neutral	3
2969	"Visited this location for breakfast. The place is very small, better for take out. Ordering is easy on the screen. The waiting time is considerably ok based on the high volume of clients they serve, however I do recommend to check your order at the time receiving it in the counter. I didn't have any inconvenience, probably because I only order a coffee, but 5 min waiting time were enough to see several clients complaining for a missing item. I think I waited too much for a coffee, but I understand they were really busy. The coffee was good as usual."	3
2970	From cleanliness to freshness to the fast customer service 5/5. Ordered online typed am here and voila order is called out. Each table marked that it was cleaned and ready for next customer. I also experienced the professionalism of the people behind counter. Outstanding	5
2971	"McDonalds was great! The food tastes like in Ukraine or in Europe! Fried potatoes was amazing and the gave us : cheeseburger, 1liter cola and fried potatoes for 5.49$! It was very cheap!"	5
2972	"Thursday at 2:56 am. I went in here to order. A very unfriendly and rude guard sits table and he says,                            Yo close, yo close.                            However, two other customers were ordering using the kiosk. I tried to argue with him, but I just left because I didn't want to talk to a rude person. McDonald's is a big company. If they have cleaning hours, they must notify Google. This early hour should not cause customers to walk in vain to this place. They are wasting their customers' time and are not considerate. Because of these little things, McDonald's image"	1
2973	"It is a 24 hr location, when I arrived and tried to order & use the restroom I was told the restroom was closed. I said I will order right after my use of the restroom but they still rejected with rude attitude. I already told them I                           m having shivers and can           "	1
2974	"The homeless are a huge problem, yesterday a woman snatched my                                      off the table while I was eating, I had to wrestle with her to get it back she's cursing and screaming me, the staff everyone stands there watching. McDonald's stores have a real problem with the homeless. The second big issue is that this McDonald's is right across from Madison square garden a very busy area, every day a 3 pm right before it gets busy they close the upper level of seating, and then instruct you to sit with strangers. The deals are nice and the loca"	1
2975	"Can't complain, I love the grab and go style as I'm looking to catch a bacon egg and cheese biscuit and the 707 train to--"	4
2976	"Came here at 430a... thought it was supposed to be open 24 hours...  saw a mcd employee inside.., and he had the door tied off with a trash bag... said they were closed... idk bout that... seemed a little off..."	2
2977	"Food is standard McDonald                           s, but touch screen ordering is very convenient to visualize options and service was very fast, in spite of the restaurant being busy. Big plus that the location has thr"	5
2978	"Most of the staff were nice but what peeves me is the quality of drinks...
The coca cola needs to be calibrated correctly [ more syrup] BUT THE ICED TEA TASTED LIKE COFFEE!!!
After i walked all that way for take home.
As a stockholder I LOVE MCDONALDS...but not today."	1
2979	At 2:34 pm 1/22/2023 the manager working there with the mole on her face made very racist remarks behind their back to the customers ahead of us and was very rude to me and my wife when asked for an extra straw since the paper straws never last. Disgusting behavior and attitude coming from a manager. 0/10 would not recommend.	1
2980	"Too many thugs and homeless nearby and bit slow for fast food but that might be due to busy orders. The fries definitely need some more salts, eating no raw fries are just horrible"	3
2981	"accident with a UPS truck and  Tesla
About a week ago nearby Macy's  7th and 6th avenue have to be closed for 4 hr"	4
2982	"It is very clean McDonalds. And stuff is very pleasant) we ordered French fries online and came a little bit later. So stuff changed a French fries for new warm one (and we never asked about it).
We love this place!"	5
2983	"very spacious with three floors and very clean, its fries are very crispy and the service is    "	5
2984	"Very good food, Very nice workers, the place is looking good. Go there and enjoy"	5
2985	I gave it 4 because this McDonald's is very clean staff are very nice respectful tends to ur needs if their is some.They have a second fl. Where the bathroom r clean also inspire the crowd.I come in early because is quite if u need a place to work or homework. Actually there is a third floor also very spacious.	4
2986	Food was bad. They barely put special sauce on Big Mac. I couldn't really taste the sauce at all.	1
2987	"Very nice and clean, kiosk booths are user friendly for ordering and paying for your food. Just watch out for folks soliciting you for any spare change. And they be touchy. Not cool."	4
2988	My experience was awesome like fact that is clean and futuristic. Will definitely come again when I'm around.	5
2989	"It's an okay place. If you need somewhere to take the weight of your feet, this is a good place."	4
2990	Pretty average for mcdonalds in the city. Convenient location by penn station. Limited sitting.	3
2991	The workers need hair nets and gloves.	3
2992	It is very clean McDonalds. And stuff is very pleasant) we ordered French fries. so great	5
2993	"The place wasn't clean, 4eats upstairs closed,no place to sit."	1
2994	"Busy, so busy, it's hard to know when your foods ready if tour not standing up there the whole time. But is across from Pen Station, given the area and associated expectations of large crowds of people,  service was good."	5
2995	Employees were friendly and courteous. Quick service and food was fresh.	5
2996	"Well staffed on the weekend. Clean and efficient service. Food is prepped on 2nd floor and ride conveyor down to be bagged. I don't like the idea of not being able to glimpse food preparation operation. However, service is good. Food tastes as expected. Standard, nothing special. Kind of small space. Fine to satisfy immediate hunger."	4
2997	Really slowwwwwwwww action and no service at all	1
2998	This McDonald's has a sign posted open 24hrs but at 1:10 am they had ppl waiting outside with the doors close. Its cold and the staff is very unprofessional. I doubt the corporate office knows about this	1
2999	"This McDonald's is pretty okay, but at night junkies tend to wander around this area. Obviously not the restaurant's fault though it's worth noting. I always do app orders, and haven't had any issues in the past year or however long. The wait seems normal to me. I definitely prefer this location to the larger one on 8th Ave."	5
3000	It was good. There was a mistake on my order it was fixed no problem. The machines were having some problems and this made the lines a little long. But it was fine.	5
3001	"It's a McDonald's, simple and relatively efficient at getting out food. You're not coming here for service, you're coming here for some classic fast food."	3
3002	Awful. Food sat there 20 mins until i complained and they put it in a bag and gave it to me	1
3003	Great service and very clean. Staff is working hard. Enjoyed the visit.	5
3004	people who take the time to review mcdonalds and give negative reviews need to get a life	5
3005	Hot fresh food definitely recommend 34th 7ave McDonald's       	5
3006	"It's fast food, what can I say!"	5
3007	Lied and said they were out of food   	1
3008	"Ordered a large unsweetened iced tea.  Received a large cup of something.  Barely colored water. Guy asked me if I wanted another.  I said no if it comes out of the same pot, then the next wouldn't be any better.  I left with some colored water pretending to be tea."	2
3009	The Atmosphere must change ! Too much homelessness!	2
3010	Little but fast	4
3011	"Staff is very quick, efficient, and friendly here... never had an incorrect order before.

Side note,  I'm not sure of his name but thank you thank you thank you so much to the security guard that works here for returning my phone to me after it was just stolen along with everything else in my bag. Went that extra bit that is much more rarely seen these days... and getting that phone back meant so much more than he could've ever known- so once again,  THANK YOUUUUUU!!   "	5
3012	"I Rarely frequent McDonald's as a brand, but your beautifully remodeled location diagonal from Penn Station is the ONLY place you can get ice coffee and a breakfast sandwich at 5:30 in the morning! The staff that was on the first time I went where pleaser and efficient. The second time I went,I had to use the kiosk,which frustrated me ( I rather interact with humans) A young lady from the back came out to help me place my order,and I was an appreciative and satisfied customer that morning!"	4
3013	"Although this particular McDonald's is located in the heart of Manhattan, the service was very friendly just not very expeditious. The food was consistent with McDonald's Fair so I guess it was okay overall I mean it's McDonald's you going to like it or you don't and I'm sure most people that's reading this have at least visited one in the lifetime if not more and they're different depending on who you go to and what day but the food to be consistent if the food sucks everything about the experience sucks okay have a great day until my next one."	4
3014	"Did you know McDonald's has a special relationship with Coke and they have the freshest, crispest, tastiest Coke you can buy anywhere?  Try it and you'll see what I go just for Coke sometimes. All soda sizes are $1.00 right now."	5
3015	"Staff is slow and rude, restrooms are not available"	1
3016	"Not 5 just because of the homeless around that block. But everything inside it's all good. The food always good, the wait time always good. Never had a problem here, the only annoying are the crazy aggresive homeless that sometimes go there. Other homeless are calmed and just ask for food outside."	4
3017	"Wanted to try their new crispy chicken sandwich on a potato roll & was so disappointed. I expected crispy but what u got was a burnt piece of chicken you could barely bite into, you could tell the same piece had been cooked several times that day. It was disgusting that they even served it to me like that. I took 2 bites & it went directly in the trash."	1
3018	"It's just like them all but better, they have a large turnover so everything was fresh, hot and tasty, very quick and very clean upstairs, was pleasantly surprised"	5
3019	Busy but still giving outstanding service!	5
3020	"Food took longer than I'd expect at a fast food restaurant, and they have surprisingly little seating space upstairs given the busy location of the restaurant.

It looked like they had another level of seating but it was closed off for some reason."	3
3021	"Impressed with the service during breakfast time. When they brought the food to my table I didn't have to ask for anything. Napkins, jelly, butter, ketchup, hot cake syrup, silverware, granola for the yogurt everything was on point and fresh. Excellent!!"	5
3022	The restaurant was clean and inviting. The service was good (not great) and the food was hot and delicious.	5
3023	The food was okay. The burger was not that warm and the cheese didn't really melt.  They also forgot to give us a burger and some of the sauce. The table locaters were empty so we had to wait at the desk. The tables and seats were clean so that was good.	3
3024	Neat and clean modern	5
3025	Good but too busy	4
3026	"Although the food was fresh, due to COVID the is no internal seating. You can't even stand  and eat. So get your food and be gone! Not a good place if you want a quick bite and a short rest."	3
3027	"Was nearby and felt like a good burger.

They had their two for $5 fish fillet deal, so I decided to try it out.

This location is usually busy but almost always has places to sit.

Pretty good perk, also has a nice view on the 2nd floor.

The sandwiches were well made, but I                           ve also gotten sub-par burgers in the past (stale and"	4
3028	"NYC bedlam as usual,  but food was hot and good"	4
3029	They gave me cold apple pies and stale chicken nuggets I want my money back	1
3030	"The food here is always great and on point, however the person on handing off and making fries showed frustration and attitude tonight."	3
3031	"Fast service, food is good. Usually busy around lunch time. Modern looking with 3 floors to sit and self ordering kiosks. They sell pastries as well, which I haven't seen in other McDonald's."	4
3032	Not bad   	5
3033	Very good and efficient. The problem is that the third floor is always close at the hours of 7 pm till all night. And it's difficult to find a seat. I don't understand why you would build a McDonald's with a floor that you hardly used. Plus some of the security are rude to the costumers other then that service is very good	1
3034	Fast service but the ordering machine should be fine-tuned to be more user-friendly. There is one staff who is otherwise on standby to help guests with the machines. Dining area is clean and nicely decorated. Great views by the glass windows at the upper floors. Free Wi-Fi is pretty reliable.	4
3035	"Fast service, food is good, and modern looking automated ordering kiosks on the wall. 3 floors to sit down and eat and I was surprised how decently clean it was when my friends and I visited here. Not sure if it is this clean on a daily basis, however"	4
3036	I don't do McDonald's a lot but this place was okay. They need to stay on the cleanliness and the dining room. Also check the calibration of the sodas constantly because the Sprite tasted like seltzer. They fixed it while I was there though.	3
3037	"Not everything is offered at this location since I believe it's an ""express"" of sorts. Straight away, you will notice how crowded this place is since it's a pretty narrow space. Once orders are put in, you never really know where to stand to wait for your food. The staff are nice enough though and the time your food takes to come out can vary widely. There is additional seating upstairs which I personally have not been to and this seems more like a hot spot to just order takeout anyway."	3
3038	I did my order through the phone probably waited like 5 or 10 minutes mostly my fault for making the order as I was walking in so I understand the wait. Everything was there which I greatly appreciate.	5
3039	"The place is kept clean and its ""
Just your basic ""mickey d""s"". If youre so inclined theres more to this location other than burgers and fries...huge homeless population...caution is also on the menu. Its free."	3
3040	The restaurant clean Covin 19 precaution was recognized by management   	4
3041	The restaurant was very clean and the ordering experience matched my expectations. My order was ready in minutes and was exactly how I ordered it.	5
3042	Speedy service but very rude employee she must have been frustrated but. No need for that glad I never really have to go there again	4
3043	I would definitely recommend the McDonald's Application because you get your coffee                             	5
3044	"This McDonald's is terrible. I ordered Sprite and they gave me something that is like 10% Sprite and 90% water (I know the taste because I made the same mistake when I was young). Not only did this happen to me, it happened to another customer. Would not recommend."	1
3045	Place was clean and nice.....service was fast.	3
3046	"With today's day and age a change will come quoted from a great leader, troubles you might face turn your head to it. New place but remember I haven't did any thing you didn't want already happened, coffee and cookie any one they got meals too. And of course fast service, I hope."	3
3047	"Good but credit card machines broken, lack of ketchup or napkins in my to go bag and lack of seating.   Coffee was NOT hot or made by more order specs.  15/hr.....they should step up they're game."	3
3048	"Never have I ever seen an employee THAT lost for real, and I used to work at McDonalds so I saw some madness but here... We were there at 9pm today in case any manager wants to speak with the girl I had to deal with (she is wearing glasses and was the one delivering the orders). We ordered 2 menus, 2hakes and a sundae. The waiting wasn                           t long at all. She calls us and give us the sundae then move along. I                           m waiting and she looks at me like                                     what are you waiting for?                                    , well, the rest of my order Becky, i didn                           t pay 30$ for a sundae.
So she sigh realising there was when you are in a hurry don            "	1
3049	"I love me some McDonald's, but I was saddened with how cold my food was... & you know you can't just throw fastfood frenchfries in the microwave or oven. THEY WERE BUSY TOO- so you would think everything was coming out hot. Sadly, that was not the case. My double-quarterpounder, fries & 4 piece chicken nuggets were all BARELY luke warm."	3
3050	"Wanted a nice quiet breakfast, there was a giant inflatable rat right out the window. 10/10"	5
3051	"Customer service was pretty good, fast professional & efficient!! As for the breakfast order I made.. it left MUCH to be desired. It was a value meal with bagel, egg, cheese, coffee & hash brown. The bagel with egg would've been fine alone.. What ruined it for me was the 2 layers on the sandwich of what was supposed to be the  ""cheese"".. it was vile!! The ""cheese"" tasted like Cheez Wiz which I TOTALLY despise. To salvage as much of the sandwich as I could.. I scraped off the ""cheese""."	3
3052	"Got here in the wee hours and found this place very  clean, quiet and the staff was courteous. I ordered breakfast and asked for it to be fresh and hot. Glad it was made to order, palatable, and hot.  I loved being there on W 34th St, Manhattan."	5
3053	It wasn't busy. I was attended to quick. Food was good	5
3054	"Say what you want about McDonald's, but this location has it figured out! I really hate that I forgot to take pictures for you guys, but go here! They have order kiosks and you can have your food brought to you by one of the staff.
Something that doesn't happen often with McDonald's, but this location really was clean. There was a modern aesthetic to it, along with the pastries (never seen at anothr McDonald's).
The food did take a while but considering the wait volume (-20/30) people, I can understand.
Overall, this is a great place for cheap food to go and to stay. If you're not specific about the way you like your food, order at the kiosk (get a table marker) and go on upstairs and find yourself a table."	5
3055	The early morning staff is very courteous.  My big complaint is the non payors that come in and decide the downstairs seating area should be their sleeping space and a place where they should put all their belongings on.	3
3056	"Took forever to get a simple cup of coffee. They seemed totally unprepared for the amount of customers, all while in a prime location that must always have a lot of customers. 7th ave & 34th St, NYC."	1
3057	Its good if you like a McDonald's burger.	3
3058	"NEVER GO HERE - HORRIBLE SERVICE. They're always rude!!! Either they're RACIST or just plain rude. I asked for a paper bag 3 times and the two Spanish ladies ignored me despite making eye contact. The one at the pick up counter gave a little nod then walked away even though the paper bags were right next to her!! Then I went to the cashier and she just gave me a blank look and motioned to the pick-up counter without saying a word. Then I told the girl yet again, that I need a paper bag please and she just gave me a dumbfounded look with a twang of annoyance and walked away and then fave out more orders. They were just so rude and every other time I've been there! They were all Spanish and maybe don't like Asians but they're horrible people and I never want to go to this location ever again!!!"	1
3059	"The staff decided that there were no longer any mcflurries, after they prepared 2undaes and a milk shake . Suddenly the icecream machine was broken. A Spanish speaking customer after me was then able to order not only a milkshake but3 mcflurries. When I inquired about it I was told that it was now fixed although no one has gone near the machine during the time since I was denied IN ENGLISH. I then stepped outside to get my friends and tell them our food was ready, they took the tray and headed up while I put our other friend in an Uber. When I came back in security who had just been no more then 5 feet from me while I ordered, paid, and received my food, made someone come down to confirm that I was a paying customer. If only the counter staff was as particular as the security guard.
I won't be coming back here again, at least until my Spanish is better"	1
3060	"With this MacDonalds you get your food faster from actually ordering at the register with a ""person"" vs using the kiosk"	5
3061	"Dirty, very dirty. Absolutely disgusting. Staff kicking off food from the floor instead of cleaning it."	1
3062	"Horrible rude staff. One girl in particular. Honestly don't know how she is there.food was fine, plenty of seating, clean but would never go here again. Definitely would not recommend because of her attitude."	1
3063	"Shamrock shakes are the best! Why can't they serve them all year?! The vanilla soft serve cones are great too, and a really good price. The yummiest thing is to dip your French fries in your shake. I've been coming to McDonalds since I was a kid, and it's still as good... and I'm still as excited to go there as always. Thank you for staying the same."	5
3064	I like that there were 3 levels to this McDonald's.  They also have a security guard that you have to show your receipt to to get upstairs.  That should keep alot of people out that are just hanging out using seats and not eating. The food was typical of most McDonald's.	5
3065	This is the worst mc donald                           s ever. The employees are very rude. I ordered the cheese sauce and they did not have it in stock. Therefore I asked why they did not have it and that I paid 40 cents for it. Then they said to each other                    	1
3066	"They disabled the order kiosks by taking away all the number tents and requiring them. Then i get in a line, which is designed to handle the overflow, not the whole store... 2 cashiers and 25 people. Nice long wait. Then, they didn't give my mcflurry a mix at all. If i wanted a cup of vanilla ice cream with oreo topping, i wouldn't have ordered a mcflurry."	2
3067	"The food was cold, I couldn't sit in the restaurant to eat it and the service was slow. Not to mention overpriced for what they gave me."	2
3068	Went there two days in a row. First day tried using the mcdonald's deals. There wasn't a scanner so worker had to type it in. Said that the deal was only for a free small soft drink and not a small orange juice.  It states what's free in the app. Went back today and used a kiosk. Scanner deal from my phone and the thing froze. This place seems not to except deals at all shame.	3
3069	"American food in the midst of Chinatown. Reasonable seating but prices were a bit high. It's NYC you might say, but it's just a hamburger I would say.                                      However, several in our group noted that the burgers"	4
3070	Known food at good price. Clean areas. Not crowded.	5
3071	Restrooms weren't available.	2
3072	"food was good, i was particularly impressed by the self order service, where i can choose what i want, pay and then just go to pickup, almost like delivery in a way. 4 because the staff are a little rough."	4
3073	I had a better experience here  at this McDonald's.. they greeted me with kindness asked  me how was my day.. and offered me a courtesy meal. Without me asking.. I am grateful  and they put this cool note of gratitude  from MCDONALD'S	5
3074	"The big chicken sandwiches it's not what you see in the commercial on TV not crunchy at all ! chopped up lettuce wilted and small thin slice of tomatoe not fresh,not enjoyable at all!"	1
3075	"Ordered a large smoothie and this guy gave it to me half full, and the guy was rude and when I told him to full it for me he fill it up wit ice no flavor"	1
3076	"Great coffee in the morning for only a buck any size anyway. Love it, the best coffee! Food is scrumptious especially anything on the menu but for me the breakfast is my favorite!"	4
3077	A very busy McDonald's! Whay under staffed! One young man seemed to be doing all the work involving the food. While they left a inexperienced young lad on the register. She told me my daughter could not have a Dr. Pepper cause it was not a drink choice for the cheeseburger meal. This sounded absurd so when I asked her to explain this she told me no we are just out of it. She was supper sweet and at this point I came to realize only her and the other young man were the only 2 working. As the manager sat there holding a mop and did literally nothing for 20 min. So many McDonald's in NYC and this one was in all Honesty just AWFUL!!	2
3078	"As far as a McDonald's goes, it gets 5 for being clean and having quick service as well as surprisingly adequate seating. I have not given this location a rating based upon my opinion of McDonald's in general."	5
3079	Slow service the self order kisoks were broken and the restaurant was filthy.	1
3080	"I went on last Wednesday and the automatic machines didn't work for ordering inside. The place was full, too tight for people that were there eating. Apart from this good and quick service."	4
3081	"Terrible service.

I came into the store and bought my dinner at 9pm.  I sit there for 1 hour and then the staff came to me and asked me to leave. I thought that the store might be closing so I left. However, after I came out, I noticed that this is a 24 hour store. I bought food and no one else was waiting for a table. There was no reason for letting me out. The staff was rude!!!"	1
3082	"First time I came here was okay but then I came again and I                           m waiting for fries for more than 10 minutes... I understand that if I                           m waiting for fresh, hot fries but it does not tak"	1
3083	Fast but not fast enough to get the homeless out	3
3084	My quarter pounder didn                 	1
3085	"The meal was as good as Mc Donald's can prepare. The store though , being located across the street from Penn Station one would expect a store size suitable for travelers with bags. This was not the case and the wifi was non existent."	3
3086	The slowest place I have ever been to. People where not nice at all and after we waited an hour they still didn't give us all we ordered. Pick a different place!	1
3087	Its pretty much yhe same as most mcdonalds in the city..least this one is kept clean .only unpleasant sights are all the homeless dirtbags and all the drug addicts that hang around in front and beg for money indide just walk right up to people while their eating  ask for money beg for your food..other then that pretty good for a coty McDonalds....	2
3088	"I don't know if I'm like from the 20th century, but this McDonald's is super high-tech. This McDonald consists of three floors. The main floor is what you walk on to, it's the second floor. Most of the seating is on the third floor, I didn't go up to it just because I had an ankle problem and unfortunately the elevator was out. The basement, and area you can't get to it, is where the girl is it so fancy contrapment takes your food from the grill to the second floor where you order. I just thought that was cool while I was waiting around for my food. They have about six self-serving machines that are in front of the restaurant. But if you want to speak to a human you can just walk past that to the two registers they have"	5
3089	It's not the same good tasting food like the 60s70s and 80s it's garbage now except for some of the breakfast food	1
3090	Fast. Service	3
3091	I had to wait 20 minutes for a singular order of fries.	3
3092	amazing. heavenly like it always is. i ate on the third floor with my family and it was very tasty. loved it a lot	5
3093	Fast service always very busy sitting areas are always packed	3
3094	"Extremely slow, store was relatively clean thou, but can't understand why they kept skiping orders and took like 20 mins to prepare a slushy, ah don't forget to ask for napkins, they don't give them and takes forever to attend you if you go back to ask for them"	3
3095	"Waited too long for a regular order, if I didn't check, smoothies not in the bag, store is unorganized!"	3
3096	"Good fast food as expected :) I just don't like the fact the pickup panel is not used, need to keep hearing the ladies calling your number."	4
3097	On McDonalds I've ever been to that has a security guard. Does not let you pee before you order. Other than that the place is clean and fine.	2
3098	Just bad service wasn't busy but the food took 15-20 mins	2
3099	"McDonald's food is usually the same everywhere I go. Yay fastfood. I went to this one during the Big Apple Comic Con 2017 weekend. They handled the con rush well. Costumes and hungry cos players can be a struggle, but the managers were right there with their employees making sure everything was ok. A homeless dude was asking for money. Kind of sucked, but they got rid of him quickly though."	4
3100	"My first time at this location I order some breakfast, my order was taken to my table and it was fast, employees really nice and helpful. I would definitely visit again and I recommended."	5
3101	First floor appear very small but it has a lot of seatings on the upper floor. Looks like it has 3 floors. The place is clean and quick with order several self order booths.	5
3102	The cashier's are welcoming and respectful. The environment is clean and neat. Smells wonderful and I would recommend this McDonald's to family and friends.	5
3103	Fast foods fast food.. Always busy here but fast and they didn't mess up my order so I guess that's good.	4
3104	Good spot to just grab a quick bite. The lines vary depending on the time of day especially given the pandemic.	4
3105	"(UPDATE)

I did my complaint thought mc Donald's website and they call me. I have my food back and a letter with apologies with a meal card....MC Donalds costumer service surprise me! Thank you for answering... That's the way... ordered Two Sausage MC Muffins and one small coffee...after almost 10 min I had to fly out the local because I was missing my 1.17am train (next is 3.30) After I told the cashier my situation I requested refund but she needed authorisation from some one who was cooking on the top floor! Mama Mia! I left running with my ticket with no food or coffee. How I get my order now...Because I payed for it!"	5
3106	"For as long as I can remember, Macdonalds has been the best fast-food chain. It always hits the craving spot."	5
3107	Horrible staff i was forced to hurry up and eat by security so someone else could eat comfortably without being bothered i spent my hard earned money in there i should be able to take my time to eat.	1
3108	"Very poor customer service, rude staff, and we paid for a burger and fries that did not come and the manager did not believed we didn't receive it even with the receipts.. I've never seen anything like it before"	1
3109	Clean friendly like environment n very spaceious w view.They served the food!! At your convenience!! Eat there every morning!! N very like a classy restaurant!!!	5
3110	The employees where very kind n tge store was clean the whole experience was pleasant the one thing wrong was they didn't have the third floor open so limited space n someone left so we could sit down they should of had tge third floor open.	4
3111	"Clean and brightly lit. Multiple levels of seating, but was quite crowded. . Order fulfillment was super fast thanks to the app."	5
3112	this McDonald                           s has served me well. the best place in town to get angry in a	5
3113	"The store is up to date very small and with exception of a few the staff sucks. The few taking orders cool, the people getting the food the worst! Period!!!"	2
3114	"I ordered 2 cheeseburgers with no onions and they gave me two hamburgers with onions I went back for them to fix it, I waited 20 minutes and they gave me the exact same thing"	1
3115	Clean restaurant. Amiable staff. The food should have been hotter.	4
3116	Its ok  could be better i say its just to many homeless people dine un n have a bad smell  of sweat  n people get high in bathroom  n leave needle n bags of drugs on floor dirty at time smell homeless people  askin for money harass people who eat in McDonalds	2
3117	"I waited 12 minutes for a cappuccino, I asked them about it and they forgot my cup on another counter. The coffee was cold and took way too long, but I didn't get any compensation for it. The kiosks where all busy for several minutes. Not recommended if you're in a hurry."	1
3118	"We had to ask for our order because people before us were getting served, and there were employees in the back cursing and being loud with each other. Very uncomfortable experience"	2
3119	"its at the subway station so don't go looking for it outside... i did that mistake... in case you reach the place and dont see it.. look for the nearest entry to subway station and you will see the joint there

hit            "	5
3120	"very friendly employee, good customer service"	5
3121	Worst customer service !! Cashiers were  so rude. Altercation broke out and cops had to get involved. Supposed supervisor was at scene but was unable to help situation. Whenever visiting nyc. NEVER VISIT THIS MCDS !!!!	1
3122	The service at the counter was nice. But there's an old man that acts like the 2nd floor VIP bouncer was very aggressive and off-putting.	2
3123	The Security Guy wasn't polite with me he Screening !  Bad words ...	1
3124	Waited 30 minutes for food did got any real apologize.	2
3125	"Filthy location, garbage on the seating and tables with grease and mold on floor corners.  we walked out because I can't image how it looks like in the kitchen & food preparation area."	2
3126	"Unlike the methdonalds a block away on 8th ave & 36th, this is the poshdonalds.  When you order, you get a little plastic table stand with a number.  There is a velvet rope to get upstairs to the seating area (ok, maybe not velvet) that the man standing there pulls back for you when he sees you're holding a table stand."	5
3127	Over crowed security want u to stand where there is no space never enough workers the attitudes from the guy in the blue uniform horrible no manners a whole jerk I come everyday spending $28 drinks done b4 food why the doorman is the greatest	2
3128	"Me and my daughter had lunch, and loved it."	5
3129	I don't eat McDonald's but my grandson liked this place especially the upstairs dining area. I was a little disappointed with the wait time but most of the employees were kind.	4
3130	DO NOT DO MOBILE ORDER HERE! They will take your money and dont receive any order from the mobile app.	1
3131	This is not intended to be fine dining.	4
3132	"City is busy and this McDonald's is no exception, but the order was done Fast! Got a table and was able to enjoy my meal."	4
3133	Very nice place but homeless people outside. And takes long to get your order. All I got was two Sundays.	3
3134	Food is often cold. No matter what burger you order it comes made wrong. I only go here to get chicken nuggets or a mcflurry.	2
3135	The cleanest McD I have seen in Manhattan.	5
3136	"Service is no good, had me wait for 15 minutes then told me to go to another Mc. Donald's.. I'll never go there again.. five thumbs down !!!!!!"	1
3137	They don't give me sugar and cream for my coffe they was  so rude!	1
3138	"Great hole in the wall McDs, minus the crackheads, if you want a quick bite after a night of drinking."	5
3139	Slow service. Staff member was on there phone while working. Food was good quality.	3
3140	It was delicious but I just wish they'd allow us to sit down and enjoy our meal	3
3141	Very busy location. Doing thier best to serve a crowd. Food was good. Seating was full.	3
3142	"THE NIGHT SECURITY AT HERE IS A RACIST. DISRESPECT MAKE ME SICK. WE STAYED THERE FOR LESS THAN 30 MINUTES, AND THE FOOD TOOK 15 MINUTES TO GET READY. HE SAID THERE  IS A 30 MINUTES LIMITS FOR SITTING WHILE THERE WERE NOBODY ELSE THERE."	1
3143	"fast service, plenty of room to sit, clean area"	5
3144	"McDonald's offers fast service for consistent quality food on the cheap. Bonus freebies if you use the app, regularly updated."	5
3145	"I like the freedom over there
Get your food and coffee, sit and relax
Nobody bothers
Leave whenever you want
It         "	4
3146	"Quick service,  but grim interior. Not their fault...it is in Times Sq. Still not an attractive location,  but fast"	4
3147	"Minimal seating. Staff isn't fond of you and just want to get over with their shift. Pretty dirty. Just any other NYC McDonald's, don't expect much"	3
3148	Nice location. If you like McDonald's you'll appreciate the fast service and option to order via self order system.	4
3149	The food was hot and the employees were very nice	5
3150	Super clean and nice seating place.  Clean restroom and detailed  sanitary.	5
3151	"Clean McDonald's restaurant and bathroom. Good Experience.. Good Customer Service.
Dined In"	5
3152	Good and fast but have become expensive	4
3153	It's okay service is decent could be better	3
3154	They are judgemental they think their better then other they do what the want if a could rate zero s in wouls	1
3155	Fast easy ice cream cone	5
3156	I ordered a double fish filet no cheese with extra tartar sauce with medium fries. It was delicious.	5
3157	It's McDonald's they are the same everywhere so you know what to expect. Extremely fast service. Okay food. Avoid the bathrooms they are terrible!	3
3158	"Terrible system & they left the bag over on tbe side & never came to ask who order belonged to, i finally sent my Grandson to go check. Food was cold. Not happy"	3
3159	Its gotten a little better. But i think it might be time to change the managers. And definitely renovate..	2
3160	Very poor and slow service.  Can                           t even make a burger corr	1
3161	I love the bacon egg and cheese as well as other options on the menu.     	3
3162	Food was ok. Ordered take out & they forgot one sandwich but they corrected the mistake with no problem	3
3163	Its McDonald's so u cant go too wrong. But it was good and service was good	4
3164	"Nothing is working. I asked for a manager, she came and said               "	1
3165	Very fast and helpful oops and respectful	5
3166	"Ok place. Expensive. If you go, there are tables upstairs."	4
3167	"Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut I like food you like food Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Pizza Hut, Rock and Roll McDonald's Rock and Roll McDonald's"	5
3168	"Le encontre un cabello a mi hamburgesa, I found a hair between my hamburger...nasty place to be at penstation    "	1
3169	Great service the cashier was friendly and the services was fast thank you my order was accurate.	5
3170	Small reduced menu business.  It's a very busy takeout coffee shop at the airport.	4
3171	Open 24 hrs which is really convenient after a late night concert.	5
3172	The customer service really awful they were rude the place was dirty I will never eat at McDonald's again anywhere	1
3173	Quick service but usually very packed. Food is always cooked well.	4
3174	Got blue shake	5
3175	awesome great place awesome staff hospitality she even check my cell phone and help me do the survey	5
3176	"This place is clean and coffee inexpensive. Good wifi. The food? Well, everyone knows..."	4
3177	"Fast, decent, no complaints."	5
3178	Staff could care less if you have everything you need to enjoy your meal.	3
3179	"Not bad, a clean and reasonable place to eat i love their coffee"	4
3180	"Kind and Gentle people there, clean and fast the service, but you know nothing more, nothing you can not find in an other Mc Donallds"	4
3181	Great service and food.	5
3182	Awful service. I received melted ice cream cones and was asked to leave just 20 minutes after sitting down.	1
3183	"Clean eating areas, clean bathrooms,  ordering computers. Very close to Penn Station and empire state bldg"	4
3184	Clean and fast. Crowded and no real place to sit down at. Very rushed feeling there.	3
3185	My wife wanted a caramel latte she thinks they're the best.	4
3186	Very good place for a quick bite. They have screens where you can choose yourself and place the order.	4
3187	"Just a regular macdonald, the bathroom was kinda clean tho"	3
3188	"Everytime I order a Mcafe here, it's made wrong. Staffs need better training"	1
3189	One of the better run McDonald's in Midtown. No dine-in at present	4
3190	Fully remodeled fast service rite across from Penn station 2 bathrooms and alot of seating upstairs	5
3191	Too long of wait- order kiosk..muffin and coffee..waited more than 20 minutes	2
3192	No restroom?! No dine in?! This is unacceptable. Never again.	1
3193	"Staff friendly, food good."	4
3194	Service on the most part is better than most Mickey D's	5
3195	Ickey.  Nasty.   Supppse to smell food. Not piss  workers.  Are. Unreal  i will never. Go to this one EVER again	1
3196	I love the breakfast menu most. Coffee is good & now cheaper than 711.	4
3197	The food was over priced4 lil food.N da lil lady w a tude	1
3198	It's no longer a happy place it's terrible dark I'm never ever eating g there again it's like ordering your food in a jail disgusting you put up the computers and you fired everybody shame on you I will not patronize your establishment anymore	1
3199	Love those golden fires! Mmm Mmm.	4
3200	I'm rarely disappointed whenever I go to McDonald's. The food is mostly always great.	4
3201	They are alot faster than the one on 8th Avenue and less crowded	5
3202	I received the smallest amount of ice Cream in my mc flurry.......and also the employees were arguing while listening to their customers.	3
3203	Wow I knew not to expect quality food but this is nasty	1
3204	I ordered two double cheeseburger and 1 cookie and they serve me 1ingle burger and 3 cookies.	1
3205	My friend didn                           t g	3
3206	Okay experience. Nothing memorable	3
3207	Good deals and nice environment! Wifi super fast by the way!	5
3208	Short line and got my food fast. fries needed some more salt lol	5
3209	The food it fresh but not to many chair on the first  floor	4
3210	"The place was dirty, the staff was not overly friendly, and quite a few of McDonald's standard products were not available."	2
3211	It's a McDonald's....But there's a bad homeless problem in and around this place.  Most times you'll be asked for money by people hanging around this location.	2
3212	Worst McDonald's. They run out of soft drinks. Self service system is awfull	1
3213	service was ok but the drink was tasteless and it supposed to be sweet tea	3
3214	It's McDonald's. Ordered food from screens. Food was brought up to our table.  Simple.	4
3215	"It's a little tight when you're ordering food, but then you can either take it upstairs, or leave with it."	4
3216	I asked chicken burger they gave chees burger... but the taste was awesome..	4
3217	The man was on his phone the whole time getting wrong order etcc	1
3218	The workers are nasty and rude. The McDonald's on 28st and 6 ave is way better	1
3219	Need to work on giving hot fries. But overall ok	4
3220	Very Great Place To Eat And Relax Love It.	5
3221	"Serving us even when it's 4am most McD's are ""closed for the switch to breakfast"" thanks for being you guys!"	5
3222	"Clean, organized, efficient"	5
3223	Delicious food is served at McDonald's	5
3224	"I love the service
The food is great
The place is clean"	5
3225	Its GOOD place but sometimes service is sliw due to lack of experience.	4
3226	Staffs were friendly. Lunch time gets crowded and might make mistakes in your order.	2
3227	Awful!! They messed up my order and they couldn't even fix it. They said we don't have time to fix it	1
3228	very clean fast and good service	5
3229	My #1 favorite fast food place    	5
3230	My breakfast sandwich bread was so burnt it was inedible...	2
3231	Great service. Amazing view at the upper level.	5
3232	Ewwww  not clean  bad services just ewwwww	1
3233	Was quite slow	3
3234	Cold fries and bums outside that curse you for not giving money. Seating area very clean and kept.	3
3235	"Im from floirda and this mcdonalds is so cool because it is so not what im used to-the architectural aspect of it, i mean."	5
3236	Went in for a sprite..how can u have nasty sprite. $2 wasted. Probably one of the dirtiest McDonalds I have been to	2
3237	Just a very busy place service was fast	4
3238	Fast Service but a littel rude some of the stafff .	4
3239	Good to have seating place in downtown with a good ambience and with mC D prices	5
3240	Terrible place......debit/credit machines are broken......not organize.......Security was helping the customers not the regular employees of McDonald	1
3241	As usual great.	5
3242	Great service food was served in a timely fashion	5
3243	Very very busy! Food quality was very low even for a McDonalds.	2
3244	Very pretty and attentive how took my order.	5
3245	This is the dirtiest McDonald's I have ever been. They need a big renovation.	1
3246	Fast and easy if you are in a rush and hungry now    	3
3247	Good day . Clean undisturbed. Good pleasant staff.	4
3248	There is not much to say about a McDonald's... Convenient location. Open 24x7.	4
3249	This place is not what it used to be. You get a number and they call 3 or 4 numbers that came way after you without giving any explanation.!!!	4
3250	"It easy to go and out
Very friendly staff"	5
3251	It's Good	5
3252	Never emailed me back	1
3253	Harrowing experience on my last visit as a customer jumped over the counter to steal food and/or assault the employees?	3
3254	"By far one of the worst locations in NYC.  On separate occasions I've gotten sick, received cold fries, and getting homeless people asking for money/ food."	2
3255	Englishman in New York...thanks for looking after me with great service and quality food.	5
3256	"Another MCDonals, usually you can get a seat. The bathrooms are fine."	3
3257	Quite possibly the best sausage egg and cheese McMuffin ever!	5
3258	Love having breakfast at McDonald's hot cakes and sausage and hot coffee	4
3259	Super fast takeout!!! Food was ready before I paid for it!	5
3260	Quick service and clean despite being busy.	4
3261	Friendly people and good location. Typical US interior	4
3262	"Could be cleaner and even though we stayed there to eat, food came in a bag."	3
3263	It was crowded But the service is fast	5
3264	Great service from the employees.	5
3265	McDonald's in New York City is way better service than elsewhere.	5
3266	Fast service delicious burger and the area is clean	4
3267	Wish all the people that seats there are customers.  It makes it hard to eat in	3
3268	"Quick, simple and perfect amount of salt on the fries"	5
3269	Fast and clean. A bit over priced but I guess its the location	4
3270	"Few deals, like everywhere in McDonald's..help, no matter is lousy"	3
3271	You get your fill of McDonald's menu in a good location	4
3272	Beautiful. Nice place and workers :magnificents	5
3273	Only customer yet ten min wait for regular coffee	3
3274	Hours of operations are not as stated	1
3275	The upstairs part was unsupervised and people sleeping..homeless and non homeless alike..	1
3276	Love the manager she very clean	4
3277	Staff inattentive gave me wrong food 3 times.	2
3278	Like most Mickey Ds fast food great fries	4
3279	Nice place to chill out with friends but mostly it's crowded	4
3280	Great placs to eat and jept clean	5
3281	Where you place your food order at is not enough waiting space.	3
3282	Standard McDonald's	3
3283	It was so dirty that we have to clean a table to be able to sit.	1
3284	"It was nice, small but kinda clean"	3
3285	The only place that was open past midnight. We loved it!	5
3286	Do you really need to read a review about WacArnold's?	4
3287	"McDonald's at a great location, and open 24/7, great especially when staying in a hotel close by."	4
3288	Food is too grease not much on the $1 menu.	3
3289	Sike I lied best food and price	5
3290	I go on my lunch break at 3 am and wait 15 minutes for them to get their stuff together	2
3291	Only good when you have coupons	3
3292	Yoo many homeless and drug addicts sit and take up space.	1
3293	It's a McDonalds and they gots some ac plugs available	5
3294	They are the most slowest people ever	1
3295	Fast efficient service	5
3296	I Love it!very good service.	5
3297	Clean	4
3298	Quick service. Regular for Macdonalds food.	4
3299	Always ready for good comforting meals!	4
3300	Very good service. Open late.	5
3301	Nice location with the usual menu on offer.	4
3302	A place to eat	3
3303	It's quite revolutionary what they are doing in there.	5
3304	Speedy service . . . isn't that what everyone in the City wants?	5
3305	Employee's here are RUDE & DON'T CARE ABOUT THEIR JOBS	1
3306	The staff weren't very helpful or friendly.	3
3307	I did not see many chairs there	4
3308	Foods good needs to be hotter	4
3309	Always a good option: low price dame quality	4
3310	Super nice homeless guy opens the door here	5
3311	I bought ice tea and big mac chicken sandwich	5
3312	"Really long line for bathroom, messed up order."	2
3313	"Standard McDonalds but with self ordering kiosks, handy"	4
3314	Good and fast	4
3315	Always crowded. Inadequate seating.	3
3316	Very clean and fast service	5
3317	Nice setting very modern service	5
3318	"Clean, Great fast service.."	5
3319	The bun of my Big Mac Us hard and dry	1
3320	Good place to eat something Quickly	4
3321	Awesome. One pickle.	1
3322	I want my burger before 11. Please make that happen	3
3323	Not much good to say about the staff	1
3324	Those fries though! Love it.	5
3325	Too many drug addicts inside and in front	2
3326	Good food and great service	5
3327	Nice and clean	5
3328	Staffs very friendly.	5
3329	Be ready to stand most of the time when you take dine in	3
3330	Great convenient location when on the go!	5
3331	They forgot my cranberry orange crossaint	3
3332	Good restaurant fast and good meal	5
3333	"New deisgn, clean and respectful staff."	5
3334	Great place for  quick bites	4
3335	Great place for fast eat	5
3336	The service was not fast in the morning	3
3337	Ok food. Noisy childish crowd.	3
3338	This's amazing and big place	5
3339	Grandkids love going to the castle park.	5
3340	I like it my friend work here	5
3341	A nut house               	3
3342	In and out service great service	5
3343	"Fast service, pretty clean."	4
3344	Rude and keep messing orders up	1
3345	40 min wait for my food!!!	1
3346	Fast service and polite workers	5
3347	Cleanest mcdonald's in midtown	5
3348	Its a McDonald's. What else is there to say about it?	3
3349	Food is always good.	4
3350	The 1am occurrences here are a definite reason to stop by.	4
3351	New technologies ordering.  Fast and secure.	5
3352	Good place . Open 24 hrs.	5
3353	Cleanest McDonald's ever been in	5
3354	They have Quick servis	4
3355	Bad service and cold food!	1
3356	Business as usual 24 hours per day!	4
3357	Quick service clean as well	4
3358	Very good fast food	5
3359	King of fast food for those who love this kind of food	4
3360	Again good value deals.	4
3361	My son's favourite place	5
3362	"Tiny place, nowhere to get straws, napkins etc"	3
3363	No donut Stick        	4
3364	Not to friendly there . use to be better.	2
3365	Clean environment and nice people.	5
3366	The shakes are really tasty.	4
3367	Very slow need more workers	1
3368	Food and service was great	5
3369	"Nice place , quick service"	4
3370	Decent and clean most of the time	4
3371	Quick order. Good	5
3372	Good self service system	5
3373	Just another Maccies	1
3374	Always Favorite	5
3375	Clean and friendly atmosphere	4
3376	"It was great, clean and professional"	4
3377	Emplayes very angry with costomers.	1
3378	Burger was cold except for the fries!!!	1
3379	The worst McDonalds on Staten island  .sorry.	1
3380	You know what it is and it's good.	5
3381	Love it very clean	5
3382	Excellent Service and Price	5
3383	It's a McDonald's with slow service. That's about the size of it.	2
3384	It's a nice update spot	5
3385	"Fast food, comfortable place."	4
3386	It's ok	4
3387	Not your local mc donalds	5
3388	It's a McDonald's good for takeout.	4
3389	Awsome service	5
3390	Clean and fast moving services	3
3391	"Its McDonalds, what more do you expect"	3
3392	Clean and excellent staff	4
3393	Love the shakes and berguerd	5
3394	I only get coffee from them	5
3395	Bad service rude staff	2
3396	Same fare as any Mickey D's	3
3397	The McCafe Bakery is the best.	5
3398	"OK, but service is slow."	3
3399	Need more than 1 in airport	4
3400	Good food and good service	3
3401	Good place to have a meal	5
3402	Decent	5
3403	Love the burgers	5
3404	Clean and good service	5
3405	Delicious chicken n fries	5
3406	No good	1
3407	Good customer service	5
3408	Very slow service.	3
3409	Good	5
3410	"Fast service, hot food."	5
3411	Quick service nice	4
3412	I just love McDonald's	5
3413	3 floors? Aight bet.	5
3414	Classic Mickey D's	5
3415	I always eat breakfast here	5
3416	Always pack	5
3417	Meets expectations perfectly!	5
3418	Good food	5
3419	So slow I missed the train	1
3420	This place is LITT UP!!!	5
3421	It's a Macdonald's same as the others	5
3422	Mass production at its finest	2
3423	To many junkies and drug dealers	1
3424	Loved the new decor	5
3425	Good food	3
3426	Bacon McDouble is the way to go.	5
3427	Incredible good place	5
3428	Pizza is bangin	5
3429	Food   Must be hot	1
3430	Great McDonalds 3 floors	5
3431	Horrible service.	1
3432	It's was so perfect	5
3433	Dine in	5
3434	Burger was a little cold	3
3435	It's McDonald's...same old same old!	3
3436	good guys	5
3437	IT WAS NICE..	5
3438	Mc is mc	5
3439	Friendly staff.	4
3440	not bad	5
3441	All ok	5
3442	GOOD FOOD	4
3443	Again. It was great	5
3444	Berry goot wifi	5
3445	The food is Nice.	4
3446	Great food..	5
3447	No surprises here.  It's McDonald's.	2
3448	It was okay	4
3449	They're all the same.	3
3450	Quick food	3
3451	Fast service	4
3452	Too slow	3
3453	Food was amazing	5
3454	This is the was McDonnell ever go to	1
3455	Greater	3
3456	Poor food	1
3457	Takes soooooo long	3
3458	Worst MC ever.	2
3459	Cold and old food!	1
3460	Sometimes it's dirty	3
3461	Long wait	3
3462	Solid maccies	4
3463	The second floor was closed.	1
3464	Serving is too late	1
3465	Never disappointing	5
3466	Ok for the most part	4
3467	Something familiar awayfrom home.	5
3468	Cold food	1
3469	Ok price-product	3
3470	Pretty decent.	3
3471	"Horrible, smelly, overcrowded"	2
3472	Good food!	4
3473	Good	5
3474	Dirty and bad food	2
3475	Dirty place	2
3476	nice and clean   	5
3477	I'm loving it	5
3478	Good.	4
3479	Like the ordering system	4
3480	It's great	5
3481	Delicious	5
3482	1 dollar drink!	4
3483	Fries are the best.	4
3484	Good service	5
3485	Great food	5
3486	I plead the 5th	2
3487	Location was fine	4
3488	Love the fries	5
3489	Good as it gets!	5
3490	Good service	5
3491	Nice service	4
3492	Fast and clean	3
3493	Nice	5
3494	Terrible	1
3495	Food great	5
3496	Great service	5
3497	Doesn't exist anymore	1
3498	Clean as a whistle..	4
3499	Good service	5
3500	Horrible service	1
3501	Dirty and dirty people.	2
3502	Its clean	5
3503	Ok	4
3504	Good as always	5
3505	Good service	4
3506	"Clean, courteous"	3
3507	It sucked	1
3508	Disappointed in cleanliness	3
3509	Love the frappe	5
3510	Clean and neat	4
3511	Good	4
3512	Quick and go	4
3513	Just fast food	5
3514	So so	3
3515	Great place	5
3516	Bad service	1
3517	Good place	4
3518	Good people!!	4
3519	Quick service	4
3520	Ok	3
3521	Quick service!	5
3522	Love	5
3523	Ok	1
3524	Mc	2
3525	Good price	5
3526	Very expensive	2
3527	Good	4
3528	Great	5
3529	Fast service	5
3530	Modern and Clean	5
3531	Excellent	5
3532	Tipical	3
3533	Good	3
3534	Nice	5
3535	Fast service	4
3536	Good	5
3537	Ok	3
3538	Great	5
3539	Delicious food	5
3540	Good	4
3541	Good	5
3542	What you expect	3
3543	Good	3
3544	Yummy	5
3545	Bad everything	1
3546	Good	4
3547	Nice place	4
3548	Nice place	4
3549	Fast service	5
3550	Bad attention	1
3551	Good 	4
3552	nice place	4
3553	Nice place	5
3554	Nice	5
3555	Care about clients	5
3556	garbage	1
3557	Descent	4
3558	Clean place	5
3559	There be nuggets	5
3560	McDonald's. You know what you're getting.	4
3561	POLITE CASHIER	3
3562	High prices	3
3563	Convince	4
3564	McDonald s On Steroids	3
3565	Excellent 	5
3566	Old coffee.	1
3567	                        	1
3568	Neutral	3
3569	Long lines	2
3570	Wow	3
3571	No comment	3
3572	It's McDonald's    	3
3573	Its mcdonalds	5
3574	"Even if you are not good at English, you can order from the in-store terminal and pay by credit card without any problems. It is easy to pick up because it is called by number. Although it was an eat-in, it was a packaging that could be taken out. It might be easier in Japan too."	5
3575	"Standard, clean, tidy, food is brought to the table, not crowded, which is a plus for poppy, there are free tables, pleasant quiet background music. The main thing is CLEAN. Favorite poppy in Brooklyn. Good view of the Atlantic"	5
3576	Fries were certainly one of the worst so far. The nuggets were pretty good and I got a seat. Service was great. Even if a machine doesn't issue any receipts and you could run into problems as a result.	4
3577	Very expensive and super bad service. The place was clean.	2
3578	"I always visit this place whenever I have to wait for the train
Very good customer service.
I like McDonald's...
a very safe place"	4
3579	"Very poor McDonald's in terms of service and friendliness. Could only get food in a bag. Long wait and no overview in the numbers of the orders. We were 5 people and a large part of the order was missing. Fortunately, that was quickly arranged after having to wait again. Apparently upstairs where you can sit closed at 8 pm. Fifteen minutes before, a lady came to report that they were closing. She kept holding the door open until everyone had actually left. After 5 minutes we also left and the rest were able to eat in the rain. Something is seriously wrong there."	1
3580	Very quiet place and good attention	5
3581	"The food was good, the speed of the order to withdraw online was fine, but it was 8:25 a McDonald's worker came in and told us in a very bad way that we had 5 minutes to finish eating and we had just ted eating."	2
3582	"Mc Do with order at the terminals, a lot of space on 2 floors and very located."	5
3583	"The worst experience I've ever had in my life!! With saying that I could not taste the food! A restaurant where the staff yells at you is not worthy of being visited by ANYONE!! Sure, I must be specific! It was in this specific place, but they should take action!!"	1
3584	"The best thing about it is its location but the quality of its food, its appearance and taste and service I give it a 3."	4
3585	"This is a rather well decorated and pleasant McDonald's! In addition to being fabulously located in the middle of the gigantic skyscrapers of Broadway, this place is not excessively crowded, which makes it even more pleasant! And finally (a fundamental and important detail these days) there is Wifi! So I recommend this place!     "	4
3586	"The hall is closed, there is nowhere to sit. Although most places have already canceled these restrictions.

I had to wait a super long time for the order, and, as always, I didn                    "	3
3587	The quality is good and the prices are reasonable too. Even cheap by New York standards. Store was clean. Simply order via terminal.	5
3588	"In general, all McDonald's are the same, these ones here in NY have been very crowded lately and there is usually no space to sit at peak hours. But they are still the best option to eat for the prices of the combos."	3
3589	Option for a quick snack for those who don't miss the opportunity to breathe the air of Times Square at dawn. This branch is just a few minutes' walk away.	3
3590	"Long waiting time, tastier food and a larger selection than at McDonald's in the Czech Republic.
Super atmosphere. Thanks"	3
3591	"Excellent attention, in May of this year two employees treated my husband and I very badly, they even spoke to us badly, they even scratched our food and we argued, but they are not all the same, there are very good workers..."	5
3592	A little dirty	4
3593	"We ordered a hamburger and fries. The plain vanilla ice cream for about $2. The food was average and below.
The place itself is clean, cozy, there are 2 upper floors for sitting."	3
3594	"Flee, at 10 p.m. 5eats to eat inside. We have to take out!"	1
3595	"Food was not really tasty, few seats. We received food in a bag, regardless of whether we came to collect or not."	3
3596	"Good food, it did not have many people and there was not a long line of people, they attended us quickly, the only thing is that the bathrooms open until 8 in the morning and we arrived very early, hee"	5
3597	"A traditional MC Do, it's fast and it's good. You can take a break and enjoy the Wi-Fi."	4
3598	Very good system to order without having to queue! Once you understand how the app works it's great for those with language difficulties! You have the option to make the hamburger to your liking! I hope I apply it soon in Argentina!	5
3599	"The system of screens to order without having to speak to an employee is incredible because you save the long lines that are made and it comes in the language you want, (although it is only paid by card), everything is very cheap and clean, but they let you enter many homeless people who are a bit rude and occupy all the seats and sometimes you cannot sit down to eat because there is no place."	5
3600	"It is not working 100% but because it is fast food, it is convenient to buy and continue on the road without wasting much time. Sometimes the attention is not as friendly as it should be, and at night after 11:00 p.m. there is no ice to prepare certain drinks, it is something to improve"	3
3601	Pure beauty! Fast service. Agile as in most stores. Immaculate bathroom. And in this one there were two bathrooms. Different from the Mac I posted earlier. Note: The attendant speaks at least 3 languages. I liked!!!	5
3602	We were only here for drinks. $1 for a large drink was a welcome price in expensive New York!	4
3603	"I ate in a very clean place and the ladies who serve are very friendly, even the security is very nice. He gave me the order, thanks, everything was fine."	5
3604	A little cleaning in the client room	4
3605	I was very bad there at 4:45 and the attention of a lady raises a lot to be desired I came from a long trip I arrived at the station but she was in a bad temper I asked her for something and reluctantly she told me that they did not have more than breakfast I could not hear in short bad service	1
3606	"Exactly the same as all MacDonald's. They had a cheap menu of 1, 2 and 3 dol. I didn't like them because they gave me heartburn the 2 times I ate."	4
3607	"The truth is that in the USA in Queens they don't even let you sit in a drive tru, it's very ugly."	2
3608	"You get your food stowed in a bag as standard whether you want to eat in or take it with you. Sauce on the Mc fish fillet also oilier than normal. Furthermore, this Mc on 34th street was dingy."	2
3609	Good attention    	5
3610	"For self-help travel, choosing fast food is the most convenient way to solve meals. When you are in a foreign country, you think it is unpalatable, but it is actually quite delicious."	4
3611	"Super the new system of ordering and paying yourself and being taken to the table just by the number
The waiter is super attentive and you can ask them for the sauces you want"	5
3612	"It has improved a lot but they are always missing something... wait what too, shop at the end of the world!"	3
3613	Good place in Philly!	5
3614	Definitely better than what we are used to in Italy	4
3615	I went there after New Year's Eve countdown in New York. Americans eat hamburgers after parties like Japanese people eat ramen. I know that feeling. Thank you for being open despite the late night of the end of the year!	3
3616	Normal Mac Donald's. We tried table service but they got our order wrong. Nothing special	3
3617	A good and cheap alternative to eat something in Manhattan	5
3618	Always McDonalds. They are well organized here.	4
3619	How the warmth has deteriorated in this chain	3
3620	"Horrible, the hamburger does not taste like anything, I like Burger King better"	1
3621	always great	5
3622	Most fat.	3
3623	"The fries are too salty. There is no healthy food, it generates bad habits and expensive prices"	1
3624	Good very quiet place to have breakfast near Penn Station	4
3625	They are very loving and attentive! Congratulations!! We will always be back in a short time God willing!!	5
3626	"Very ugly place, dirty, they don't let you go to the bathroom you have to show the ticket. Very bad"	1
3627	"Just like everywhere else, but in the USA with a very different audience. curious"	2
3628	Way too expensive!!!!	1
3629	It was very quiet and clean. Good place to have breakfast..	4
3630	"The place is good, the bathroom is very dirty"	5
3631	Quick and you can eat at the local 2nd floor	5
3632	Excellent service typical of McDonalds.	5
3633	Fast food . Perfect coffee for the cold	5
3634	"They treated me well and delivered what I requested, the computers did not have clear options to place the order"	4
3635	The burger was ok but the coke had no gas...  	1
3636	It is mc but the space is very small. In that city at rush hour you can't find where to sit.	4
3637	"Beautiful place, the attention was very good."	4
3638	The attention is excellent! wifi etc. Like in your country! Economic!	4
3639	"New, orders are made digital in stores and there are fish combos here in New York"	4
3640	Bad attention. The cashier making a face and super rude. Other than that there is no refill	2
3641	"Good place to eat an appetizing meal, outside of medical recommendations"	4
3642	Prompt attention. Very quiet place in the center of all the movement.	5
3643	A lot of people! Correct service. Bathrooms with very long lines	3
3644	Not 24hrs! They said it was 24 hours and they said they would clean it and wait. what	1
3645	"Not worth it at all, Macs are better in Italy!"	1
3646	"Even though there are many homeless people who enter, the service is good"	4
3647	Here I ate my last Mac hamburger of my life. It is a promise. Never more	1
3648	I love this food and the service is good	5
3649	Very dirty and with the presence of homeless people in the office	1
3650	"The best Mcdonalds in the Times Square area, quiet, excellent service!"	5
3651	"Standard McDonald. There are kiosks for self-order. A LOT OF PEOPLE, constant queues. Some positions are missing."	3
3652	Good prices at this branch	3
3653	Fast food... Delicious... Taste similar to your country... good service...	5
3654	EXCELLENT service all delicious and healthy     	5
3655	Small place but with fast service in the center of Manhatan.	5
3656	"Terrible, like all NY Mcdonalds, always dirty."	1
3657	A must if you don't want to spend too much	4
3658	The girl at the front very bad customer service.	1
3659	Central location. Many people. A lot of mess	3
3660	very fast service	5
3661	A good option for those traveling with children	5
3662	The Universal request!!!	5
3663	The standard of the premises as practically all over the world	4
3664	One of the worst I've been to. pretty dirty	2
3665	It is. Mui. Clean the. Very person. Kind	3
3666	neither good nor bad normal	4
3667	Error in the orders and do not fill the fries	1
3668	good   	5
3669	excellent service	5
3670	Fast service. Many options	5
3671	"I can't eat here anymore, I don't like the food"	2
3672	Little space available for meals	3
3673	Snack ever! very few options	3
3674	"OK, not good and not bad"	4
3675	It is not very clean on the tables	3
3676	Good attention but little space	3
3677	Good place to go with family	5
3678	Quite expensive compared to the many competition	3
3679	"Dirty tables, the rest ok"	4
3680	Good place thinking about food at the time of eating	4
3681	I practice for a craving.	3
3682	I used it on Mac in the morning.	4
3683	very modern and clean	4
3684	It's cool McDonalds from time to time	5
3685	"Open 7/7
24/24"	3
3686	fast service and cheap food	5
3687	            	5
3688	very good services	4
3689	Excellent 	5
3690	Excellent service	5
3691	Very good	5
3692	Quick	4
3693	Excellent 	5
3694	Very fast attention	4
3695	It's fine for a meal on the go.	3
3696	Fine. Large is Large.	4
3697	Cozy and clean place	5
3698	Free toilet!            	5
3699	Excellent 	5
3700	Good food	5
3701	"Not bad, half expensive"	4
3702	Terrible	1
3703	speed and cleanliness	5
3704	My tummy hurts after this :/	3
3705	Very good service	5
3706	Very rich recommended	5
3707	It does not have a drink refill...	2
3708	Awesome strawberry milkshake..	4
3709	Excellent service	5
3710	Ehhhh.	3
3711	The food is delicious	5
3712	excellent service	5
3713	delicious	5
3714	Very kind!	5
3715	Lousy service!	2
3716	Good.	3
3717	not very clean	3
3718	Does not represent company values	2
3719	As usual	1
3720	Like all the premises of this company	3
3721	good site	3
3722	Fast attention	5
3723	Young and courteous staff	3
3724	save from hunger	5
3725	Slow and not long-winded!	2
3726	long wait	5
3727	Good 	4
3728	fast attention	5
3729	Too much confusion	3
3730	mcdonald second home	5
3731	Poor 	2
3732	Neutral	3
3733	Excellent 	5
3734	Excellent 	5
3735	Good place	5
3736	Mcdonal what more to say	4
3737	Excellent 	5
3738	Good 	4
3739	Excellent 	5
3740	Always the same	5
3741	Neutral	3
3742	Bad food	1
3743	Excellent 	5
3744	Excellent 	5
3745	Cool	5
3746	Excellent 	5
3747	McDonald's service for the first time	5
3748	It doesn't have toilets!!!	3
3749	Excellent 	5
3750	Neutral	3
3751	Excellent 	5
3752	Good 	4
3753	Excellent	5
3754	Excellent 	5
3755	month	2
3756	Excellent 	5
3757	Excellent 	5
3758	Excellent 	5
3759	Poor 	2
3760	Good 	4
3761	Excellent 	5
3762	Excellent 	5
3763	Excellent 	5
3764	Good	5
3765	not so riki riki	1
3766	Neutral	3
3767	Rubbish	2
3768	soft drink without gas	2
3769	Excellent	5
3770	Neutral	3
3771	Well	5
3772	Excellent	5
3773	Mediocre	1
3774	Ricooo	4
3775	Neutral	3
3776	Neutral	3
3777	Excellent 	5
3778	live full	5
3779	dollar menu	5
3780	Excellent 	5
3781	Excellent 	5
3782	Well	4
3783	        	5
3784	just gamine	1
3785	Rich	5
3786	They are delicious	5
3787	Excellent 	5
3788	Excellent 	5
3789	Good food	4
3790	Terrible	1
3791	Simply Mc Donalds	1
3792	Good 	4
3793	delicious	4
3794	good at fast food	5
3795	Neutral	3
3796	Good food	5
3797	Excellent 	5
3798	Good 	4
3799	Text fast food	3
3800	Neutral	3
3801	Good 	4
3802	Good 	4
3803	Good 	4
3804	Good 	4
3805	Excellent 	5
3806	Also McDonald's!	4
3807	Correct !	3
3808	Regular	3
3809	Poor 	2
3810	Excellent 	5
3811	Excellent 	5
3812	Neutral	3
3813	Neutral	3
3814	Neutral	3
3815	Excellent 	5
3816	Excellent 	5
3817	Poor 	2
3818	Good 	4
3819	Good 	4
3820	Convenience 7 off	4
3821	Good 	4
3822	Good 	4
3823	Excellent 	5
3824	Good 	4
3825	Good 	4
3826	Good 	4
3827	Neutral	3
3828	Excellent 	5
3829	Excellent 	5
3830	Good 	4
3831	Excellent 	5
3832	Poor 	2
3833	Neutral	3
3834	Neutral	3
3835	Excellent 	5
3836	Terrible	1
3837	Neutral	3
3838	Good 	4
3839	Neutral	3
3840	Good 	4
3841	Poor 	2
3842	Good 	4
3843	Excellent 	5
3844	Excellent 	5
3845	Good 	4
3846	Neutral	3
3847	Excellent 	5
3848	Good 	4
3849	Excellent 	5
3850	Good 	4
3851	Neutral	3
3852	Excellent 	5
3853	Neutral	3
3854	Excellent 	5
3855	Good 	4
3856	Excellent 	5
3857	Neutral	3
3858	Poor 	2
3859	Excellent 	5
3860	Excellent 	5
3861	Excellent 	5
3862	Neutral	3
3863	Excellent 	5
3864	Excellent 	5
3865	Good 	4
3866	Excellent 	5
3867	Terrible	1
3868	Good 	4
3869	Neutral	3
3870	Excellent 	5
3871	Excellent 	5
3872	Excellent 	5
3873	Good 	4
3874	Neutral	3
3875	Neutral	3
3876	Terrible	1
3877	Poor 	2
3878	Good 	4
3879	Good 	4
3880	Good 	4
3881	Neutral	3
3882	Excellent 	5
3883	Good 	4
3884	Excellent 	5
3885	Good 	4
3886	Good 	4
3887	Excellent 	5
3888	Excellent 	5
3889	Neutral	3
3890	Excellent 	5
3891	Excellent 	5
3892	Excellent 	5
3893	Excellent 	5
3894	Terrible	1
3895	Neutral	3
3896	Neutral	3
3897	Excellent 	5
3898	Excellent 	5
3899	Excellent 	5
3900	Excellent 	5
3901	Neutral	3
3902	Bad	1
3903	Good 	4
3904	Neutral	3
3905	Excellent 	5
3906	Good 	4
3907	Excellent 	5
3908	Neutral	3
3909	Neutral	3
3910	Neutral	3
3911	Good 	4
3912	Good 	4
3913	Excellent 	5
3914	Poor 	2
3915	Poor 	2
3916	Excellent 	5
3917	Excellent 	5
3918	Good 	4
3919	Good 	4
3920	Neutral	3
3921	Good 	4
3922	Excellent 	5
3923	Excellent 	5
3924	Good 	4
3925	Good 	4
3926	Excellent 	5
3927	Good 	4
3928	Excellent 	5
3929	Excellent 	5
3930	Poor 	2
3931	Good 	4
3932	Good 	4
3933	Good 	4
3934	Neutral	3
3935	Poor 	2
3936	Good 	4
3937	Bad	1
3938	Good 	4
3939	Excellent 	5
3940	Excellent 	5
3941	Good 	4
3942	Neutral	3
3943	Good 	4
3944	Neutral	3
3945	Excellent 	5
3946	Bad	1
3947	Excellent 	5
3948	Excellent 	5
3949	Excellent 	5
3950	Excellent 	5
3951	Excellent 	5
3952	Good 	4
3953	Excellent 	5
3954	Good 	4
3955	Excellent 	5
3956	Neutral	3
3957	Excellent 	5
3958	Neutral	3
3959	Poor 	2
3960	Good 	4
3961	Excellent 	5
3962	Good 	4
3963	Good 	4
3964	Neutral	3
3965	Excellent 	5
3966	Neutral	3
3967	Neutral	3
3968	Excellent 	5
3969	Excellent 	5
3970	Good 	4
3971	Poor 	2
3972	Excellent 	5
3973	Good 	4
3974	Neutral	3
3975	Excellent 	5
3976	Neutral	3
3977	Good 	4
3978	Good 	4
3979	Excellent 	5
3980	Bad	1
3981	Poor 	2
3982	Good 	4
3983	Excellent 	5
3984	Excellent 	5
3985	Excellent 	5
3986	Neutral	3
3987	Good 	4
3988	Excellent 	5
3989	Neutral	3
3990	Neutral	3
3991	Neutral	3
3992	Good 	4
3993	Good 	4
3994	Excellent 	5
3995	Excellent 	5
3996	Good 	4
3997	Good 	4
3998	Bad	1
3999	Neutral	3
4000	Bad	1
4001	Excellent 	5
4002	Good 	4
4003	Excellent 	5
4004	Excellent 	5
4005	Excellent 	5
4006	Neutral	3
4007	Excellent 	5
4008	Excellent 	5
4009	Good 	4
4010	Good 	4
4011	Neutral	3
4012	Excellent 	5
4013	Excellent 	5
4014	Excellent 	5
4015	Excellent 	5
4016	Excellent 	5
4017	Bad	1
4018	Good 	4
4019	Neutral	3
4020	Good 	4
4021	Excellent 	5
4022	Good 	4
4023	Good 	4
4024	Good 	4
4025	Excellent 	5
4026	Good 	4
4027	Excellent 	5
4028	Good 	4
4029	Bad	1
4030	Neutral	3
4031	Neutral	3
4032	Good 	4
4033	Excellent 	5
4034	Good 	4
4035	Good 	4
4036	Poor 	2
4037	Excellent 	5
4038	Excellent 	5
4039	Excellent 	5
4040	Poor 	2
4041	Good 	4
4042	Good 	4
4043	Good 	4
4044	Excellent 	5
4045	Neutral	3
4046	Good 	4
4047	Excellent 	5
4048	Excellent 	5
4049	Excellent 	5
4050	Poor 	2
4051	Excellent 	5
4052	Excellent 	5
4053	Excellent 	5
4054	Excellent 	5
4055	Excellent 	5
4056	Good 	4
4057	Excellent 	5
4058	Good 	4
4059	Excellent 	5
4060	Excellent 	5
4061	Good 	4
4062	Excellent 	5
4063	Excellent 	5
4064	Bad	1
4065	Excellent 	5
4066	Excellent 	5
4067	Excellent 	5
4068	Good 	4
4069	Bad	1
4070	Excellent 	5
4071	Excellent 	5
4072	Excellent 	5
4073	Neutral	3
4074	Excellent 	5
4075	Good 	4
4076	Neutral	3
4077	Neutral	3
4078	Good 	4
4079	Good 	4
4080	Neutral	3
4081	Neutral	3
4082	Neutral	3
4083	Excellent 	5
4084	Good 	4
4085	Excellent 	5
4086	Neutral	3
4087	Excellent 	5
4088	Neutral	3
4089	Poor 	2
4090	Neutral	3
4091	Excellent 	5
4092	Neutral	3
4093	Excellent 	5
4094	Excellent 	5
4095	Excellent 	5
4096	Good 	4
4097	Neutral	3
4098	Excellent 	5
4099	Poor 	2
4100	Neutral	3
4101	Excellent 	5
4102	Neutral	3
4103	Good 	4
4104	Excellent 	5
4105	Excellent 	5
4106	Excellent 	5
4107	Good 	4
4108	Neutral	3
4109	Cleanest McDonald                           s I                           ve been to in awhile. No major issues except I think my bun was molded                            they said i	4
4110	"4/25/23 10pm-10.30 pm 2 for Juan who was a very understanding manager and who completely tries satisfying customer needs by keeping open the restroom for us. However, the lady working on cleaning duty resisted obeying Juan                           s orders and consciously tried to stop us from using the restroom by creating excuses to the manager such as cleaning time and no paper towels. These hardships  invented by "	2
4111	"Last night, I went to buy food around 11:00 pm while I was waiting for my food, I wanted to use the bathroom but it was closed. I asked a short African American boy for the key, who seemed to be the manager because he had a different uniform. and he told me that there                           s not  bathroom. I told him that I already ordered food and I showed him my receipt, and he answered me again that there is no bathroom in a very rude way... he told me, take your food and go.

By the way, when I entered he "	1
4112	"this is the worst mcd I've ever visited.
the illumination is dark, atmosphere depressing and everything looked worn out.
asked to order first in order to use the washroom. so I ordered a coffee. then the staff took a key and escorted you.
funny the way how he unlocked the door. Made me feel he's opening a vault in bank.
On the way out, I gave my coffee to a panhandling man who had 10x better manner than the staff inside.
An I whining too much?  perhaps. That's in NYC after all."	1
4113	Shamrock shake was delicious... always a bit hectic in there but they get the work done	4
4114	"The Big Mac patty was perfectly dry with no flavor, just right for the drunk folks with taste buds vanished long ago in the weekend festivities. The staff was accommodating and friendly allowing us to use the bathroom. Kindness goes a long way."	3
4115	"Terrible restrooms. Average place. If you order from mobile to serve on a table, forget about it... You'll have to go pick it up. I don't mind that, at least inform that the order is ready to pick up, don't leave us hanging! Never coming here anyway. Giving 4 for food because its McDonald's, what can go wrong with pre-made food?"	1
4116	"This is a below average McDonald's.  The self-ordering machines don't print receipts with your number so you better catch it on the screen because they may or may not see it on the system.  Fortunately, I was only getting some sodas and they didn't question my order but if it had been a real order it might not have gone smoothly."	2
4117	Worst service I had experience in years. Bathroom was closed before 8pm and they did not empathize with me desperately needing to go pee so I had to go to a nearby pizza place to use the restroom. I ordered 2 medium Frappe and they gave me small. I would not recommend anyone because they do not seem to care about providing basic needs to its customers.	1
4118	I placed a mobile order and within 5 minutes of entering the restaurant my order was ready. The food was really fresh and they gave me all the condiments I asked for. Great service!	5
4119	Probably the cleanest McDonald in the city.  It's partly due to the posted security at the front door to prevent transient homelessness to take over.  Also the competent day and night managers who motivated the food preparation team to perform optimally.  This place should be the exemplary MacDonald store that all the other macDonald stores in the city should learn from.	4
4120	Very dirty. Served cold drinks warm and without ice and very unorganized.	1
4121	"A friendly and responsive staff delivered (twice after I brought it back) coffee that was not hot. After the second time, I just gave my cup to my daughter whose iced coffee was way too light with cream and diluted. Surprised that McDonalds quality control failed on this visit."	2
4122	They got fast hands to make a sandwich from 5econds no wait in this day over crying good food hamburgers taste like McDonald's	4
4123	"Clean, friendly staff, and fresh food prepared to order.  Extra seating upstairs too.  I'm still not a huge fan of the ordering kiosks, but so it goes..."	5
4124	"It's a hit or miss with McDonald's location. At times you can recieved a good customer service and wait a long while to get your food. When you finally get your food from waiting so long (this is when it's not busy), the food is not assembled properly or it's over cooked almost border line burnt. If you wanted coffee from this location, major of the staff cant make good coffee. I often look for a particular employee that makes it the best. On the other hand, this location is one of the most cleanest locations I've ever been in. Management does a good job making sure everything is clean and ready for business. Every time I come in their always cleaning the deep fryer, counters, refilling the machines and all, despite all the college kids and tourists wreaking the joint. They do pick up the place in high traffic and complete orders in a timely manner with sacrifice to customer experience. I would love to see more pride in the making of the order look close to the photo and consistency with delivering good customer service."	3
4125	Security guard was threatening customers who wanted to use the bathroom. He threatened to pull a knife on a customer who urgently needed to use the restroom before purchasing his meal.	1
4126	"04:18am 10.22.22It is written around the clock and there is nothing around the clock here, one deception is that there is something that is around the clock.

It is written that it works 24 hours, you arrive, nothing works there, it's a lie!!!"	1
4127	The food was hot. The service was quick and professional. Drama free.    	5
4128	"Bad service. Waited over 30 mins for one order. Overnight weekend manager had a terrible attitude, was yelling and cursing at both employees and customers. I feel bad for the employees there for having to work under that stress"	1
4129	Just because the kiosks were there they didn                           t wanna help. I couldn                           t access the order I wanted so I went to the front tried to tel them 3 times but they didn                        	1
4130	"Disgusting customer service literally every time I come here. Workers are lazy, snarky, and rude. Today I ordered large fries and a lady there slammed my fries on the counter and had an attitude when my name was called twice. If you don't want to work with the public, please find a new job."	1
4131	Horrible service. Employees look like zombies.. not welcoming at all. If you want to use the restroom there                           s a 	1
4132	So I went to order a hot chocolate and ordered it myself on one of there  machines.  I spent  10 minutes waitin for my medium hot chocolate. I saw there was only 3 people workin and figured they were short staffed. So I finally tell one of da girls dat I've been waitin over 10 mins and she tells me there's no hot chocolate and now I'm  upset cuz now I'm late to work!! If there was no hot chocolate then they  should post it on da screen  sayin not available. Not cool to mess wit someone's time!!! I then had to wait another 3 mins for a manager to refund  me.	1
4133	Worst place save your money                                                            	1
4134	"Very rude staff, the food was dry, and the store smelled weird. Go somewhere else."	1
4135	Good food and kind staff. A lilbit dark	5
4136	Great customer service during my todays visit! Great team work!	5
4137	Horrible poor service all they do is mess orders up use containers to serve customers skinny blonde spanish girl just horrible someone fire her	1
4138	Truly and CONSISTENTLY the worst McDonalds I                           ve ever been to. If not for the proximity to my home I                           d drive by without a glance. How can they be out soda?????                                      I can         	1
4139	"Wonderful experience. Savory breakfast sandwich was exactly what I needed. Orange juice had balanced, sweet-yet-tart flavor. 5."	5
4140	"Is almost 6 pm, a lot of people waiting and you closed the dining area??? It has no sense"	1
4141	"We were at the next door New York Univercity store and the kids insisted on going in once they saw the magical  iconic M, it                           s been a while since we were at McDonalds, this time was a pleasure, the self ordering stands are amazing both to save time and to order more accurately exactly what you want, I had to order for 6 people including 4 kids so having the opp"	5
4142	The service was quick. The food is as one can can expect from a fast food restaurant but at least it's consistent.	5
4143	"the second floor is closed, very dirty, you can't get into the toilet."	1
4144	Standard run of the mill McDonald's. We only had a coffee and a hot chocolate. But no problems	4
4145	It's a good place to go and get a quick snack and drink              	4
4146	"Things get a little hectic here. The staff do a good job dealing with some intense customers. You absolutely need to check your food before leaving because things will be missing.

It's tempting to knock a  off because of that but the staff is always really nice and quick to solve the issue so they get a full five s."	5
4147	At @McDonalds was trying to pick up an order for delivery come to find out a store that claims to be open 24 hours is closed please if you are not going to be open for 24 hours please turn off the @UberEats app and off the 24 hour decal it              	1
4148	"I bought an hazelnut coffee.. I received an extremely milky coffee and it didn't have any ice, I asked what happened to the ice, I was told they didn't have anymore. So why allow me to purchase an ice coffee.. Hash brown was hard as an rock.. Sausage egg mcmuffin was just thrown together. They need to get it together as far as Quality Control..

I usually don't write reviews I felt compelled to do so.."	1
4149	"Out of all the McDonald's restaurants, this location had to be the worst - purely because of customer service.
Last night (22/10), whoever worked there needs to be let go. We and other customers were yelled at - the virtual cash register was not working with the receipt, so my boyfriend went to the front register to pay and the worker yanked the card out of my bfs hand, sighed like super annoying. When he turned around to wait,  we heard him saying out loud 'customers are so stupid, not listening"" :/
Myself and some other customers got yelled at for sitting down. I also needed go to the bathroom but didn't know it was shut but got yelled at. Not sure what was going on with rather staff but rude did not cut it."	1
4150	When you don                           t want 	5
4151	"Pretty busy and kind of dingy in lighting McDonalds. Service is not as fast as you might like, however the food is quite fresh."	4
4152	This is one of the best McDonald's on the face of the earth!                               	5
4153	"Was asked to buy food in order to use the electrical plugs, turned out they weren't working"	3
4154	I ask for bathroom and they told me the manger take the key . Shame in you .	1
4155	A basic McDonald's but lately the restrooms are out of service In a couple of McDonald's even if you're a paying customer And sometimes  I noticed closing  off portion of the dining rooms  in some of the McDonald's when the places are busy	1
4156	Very very poor service. Employees screaming and yelling and cursing to guest. So unprofessional	1
4157	You guys shouldn                           t have signs saying your open 24hrs if your not open 24hrs                       	1
4158	"the most terrible Donalds in New York!  The Big Mac is thin and wet, the French fries are rancid and lack the crunch.  The toilet is closed!  Cola is out of stock!"	1
4159	Good to know they are open 24/7 now	1
4160	"Nasty attitude Spanish lady who barely spoke English bathroom only for customers, hello I'm on the line ready to order"	1
4161	They tow your car. $430 to get it back.	1
4162	Good job at night time even tho they are short	5
4163	The place seems very understaffed for the amount of traffic that                           s comes through this store so the registers are usually empty so order at the kiosk. The food might take a bit also but it            	4
4164	The food is terrible. Coffee is terrible the atmosphere sketchy	1
4165	"I ordered a lot of items, added and paid for extra sauces and they only gave me two sauces. What?? I asked for more and they refused to give me more and said                            you cant have that much sauce                            why?? I ordered 3 honey and 4 ranch and they wouldnt give it to me! Why cant i have sauce?? I cant eat dry "	1
4166	"For the love of business, update your hours. This location has not been open 24 hours in two and a half years. It's super easy. Just call Google."	1
4167	"It's dark. It's dirty. Carry your own napkins cuz they only give you 1 or 2. Everytime I've gone, the tables have been filthy, so have something to wipe them down. The food is always good though."	2
4168	No one help me when I haven      	1
4169	"Was there about 2 months ago. Ordered a burger and fries. Fries weren                           t too bad but they messed up my burger. I just wanted a plain burger, they loaded it up with things. They let me exchange it which was nice. The other thing that I didn         "	3
4170	Fast service but restroom being locked just avoid tourists using. Should have been more organized with a sign for customers use only.	2
4171	"Absolutely terrible customer service.  Their self- ordering kiosks don't work. I scanned my DEAL, the kiosk directed me to order at counter where the manager insisted the coupon had EXPIRED because I scanned at Kiosk first. He said he could not override the problem which is what a manager is for. Very disappointed.  Do NOT recommend this location. Bad service"	1
4172	fckking cleaning woman didn't let me use bathroom mthersuck	1
4173	"Unfortunately had  a terrible street singer doing karaoke with a big speaker , loud and out of tune, its not the restaurant fault though they where nice"	5
4174	"Probably the worst McDonalds I've ever had. Nasty burger/cheese/bread consistency, dirty place and rude service screaming at each other and not even looking at you while trying to be nice and understanding to them."	1
4175	"Terrible, kids from high school smoking inside restaurant!!"	1
4176	Manager called me out for seating and eating my food at 11pm. There were some seats available. Closes at 2am. If they don't want folks to sit they need to robe off all seats. Manager allowed me to eat.	2
4177	"This area is busy most of the time, but I have never had a problem with them. Everything always goes smoothly can      "	5
4178	Cancelled my order for a free chicken sandwich	1
4179	The Big Mac wasn't fresh but service was fast.  ( I would like to suggest everyone to download their McDonald's app. They offer great deals & rewards points to receive free food )	4
4180	Close not 24 hours.. don't know what time they close but not 24 hours	1
4181	"French fries and nuggets are well
Made"	5
4182	"Ordered few times here, experience gets worse and worse. Triple cheese burger, only 2 paddies. I paid twice because the first order got canceled because of internet issues, they don                          "	1
4183	"Mcdonald's food  is Mcdonald's food notting to it.
I don't like the manager.
But the location is very cool and the music gives you a good feeling.
Again I just don't like the manager."	4
4184	"Bought a coffee and after needed to use the restroom. Manager impatiently said no when I asked to use theres, then when I asked if they knew any nearby bathrooms he shrugged and turned around walking away. I get the bathroom is closed, but how about being prepared to help in a somewhat friendly way."	1
4185	"Waited for 30 mints after ordering, like a joke"	1
4186	Terrible customer service (every single time I go there)	1
4187	"They had a very limited space, but to make an agile experience, they have two big touch screen menus to place your order faster than going to directly to the cashier line. They only have one unisex restroom, so if you are in a hurry, be prepared mentally to wait. Anyway I think you'll enjoy your meal, if you take in consideration these things."	4
4188	"I ordered pickup through my phone at 10:55pm and didn't know that they close at 11pm. I felt so bad and was going to cancel my order, but they said no problem. They also gave 3 chocolate cookies for free, probably trying to get rid of it, but hey, free cookie is free cookie!"	5
4189	"Very friendly staff, looks clean & service is great"	4
4190	"Not terribly clean. Stopped in and decided to buy snacks here as we also needed a restroom. Sign was placed on the restroom marking it closed just after we received our order. Coffee drink my husband ordered was certainly not coffee, perhaps a milky product and lots of ice?"	1
4191	"This location tends to vary in quality.  If it's raining, I would recommend you not go since they close the upstairs and the seating becomes scarce due to the campers taking up the front of the store. When it's nice out it isn't much better though since the place is very dark and feels damp. I how's think they are trying to help people not eat their food since it is a very unappetizing place to eat."	2
4192	"The golden arches they way they should be.  Fast, easily customizable ordering (at kiosk).  Food prepared quickly (and to spec) without issue. Nice indoor space - helpful and friendly staff.  This location sets the bar pretty high."	5
4193	"I want there today and order a small fries and a chess burger, the order came very fast but the cashier was with another customer she was taking order after she finish with customer she didn't even wash her hand or  sanitized her hand or she used glove she want and t putting fires and giving it to customer. I didn't even eat my fires . its Covid time be careful."	2
4194	"I ordered my food online got everything perfect. When I went to pick up my food I asked if they can show me which toys they had today because i wanted to collect all of they toys for my daughter. They looked at me like i had 3 heads and said, we dont have toys. I replied, no toys in a McDonald's? Thats a shame. They tell me they only have the old ones. So i ask another worker who was extremely rude, and ignored me the whole time. She then says give me 1 minute while having her back turned so I didnt hear it especially with these masks on. I wait a little and see her making little effort to help me as if i was asking for something not worth their time. So I ask another employee and she points at the other employee saying ask her. All I wanted was a toy for my daughter. Those employees need to get out of there if they dont want to work there."	1
4195	Frequently drama filled. Staff can be disorganized and arguing amongst themselves in front of customers. Homeless and users are common. General stop for tourists to use the bathroom. Access to reasonably priced items relatively quickly makes it worthwhile for a quick visit.	3
4196	"Closed at 5am at a ""24 hour"" McDonald's??

And now a week later cash only just like the chamber's st location... you kill postmates"	1
4197	Its sunday and its says open at 6:30am people are waiting outside they said they need another 10 minutes while one of the staff smokes at door. Wake up earlier so you can t on time people!	1
4198	The service was very good and quick and my French fries were nice and hot. There was definitely nothing that I could complain about. I would definitely stop in again the next time I'm in the area of this McDonald's.	5
4199	"Wow! Finally this location, an old time favorite feels like MacDonald's again, very clean, my coffee is always fresh and always the best when the staff is so welcoming. The bathroom is much better and neat. A cold Sunday, but a warm place to be. No loitering, no drugs, no pill poppers goating around. Just a great comeback!                         "	5
4200	"Oct 21, 2018 morning.... they completely mixed up the order ting with the coffee. Asked for black coffee, opened the cup, it had milk in it. Ordered bagel bacon and egg and a bacon egg on biscuit both without cheese. Got sausage and egg with cheese on bun. Went back to switch, was assured I got the right order. Came to my table and realized again the order was mixed up. 3 tries to get the order right? Really?"	2
4201	Worst employees ever! Had to wait for 20 min and they pretend like didn                           t even know that they have my 	1
4202	Quick service easy ordering.  Not busy when I entered.	5
4203	"NEW MANAGER, NEW VIBE. great experience!!  The homeless shelter vibe is gone, the place is clean, the service is good. Thanks for adding the security guard and the great new management. Well that didn't last long... The new manager apparently didn't last.  It's still better than it was before though.."	4
4204	"2 different visits: The supervisor in the grey shirt was the one give out the food with an attitude like he didnt want to be bothered. And I ordered 4 apple pies at night and all of them were old, dried out, and their box had no sell by time stamped so who knows how long they been in that warmer. Probably will place my food orders elsewhere"	2
4205	"Absolutely unprofessional staff, disorganized, and angry. They were so angry and SCREAMING out the numbers into a girl's face angrily. They were talking about jumping a girl. And when I went to order I took a second to take my phone out to show her the deal I wanted and she snapped at me and said HELLO and repeated my order and said OKAY?! I said yeah but I have a deal I want to use. She waved it off and said ""it don't work"". She was snapping her fingers and voice. I literally just got there and she was just already angry standing there. I took my card out to use and she said ""You have cash? That don't work!"" As if I knew. She didn't state it beforehand. What I didn't understand was everyone else before me ordered with a card? So I just told her I don't have cash and walked off the line. I saw people using their cards and when I saw that I got upset. I just got done working a long day and I was tired and hungry and just wanted my McChicken and fries. I got back on line and there was her friend. The friend told me to insert my card. I asked her if it works she said yeah. I said so WHY did the other lady tell me otherwise? Then the lady saw me on line again she said ""I just told her the app don't work why is she asking again?!"" I said ""Actually, you also said the card reader doesn't work and it does so I wouldn't know what's true or not?"" She said ""WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE TALKING TO?!"" ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE SERVICE. They both ted laughing. There was a pretty big spider walking around on the floor too. All the tables were dirty. And the guy cleaning was on his phone and rapping. And looking at other customers butts. She handed me the food harshly. They're all children. Immature children. Absolutely disrespectful."	1
4206	Bunch of bums working here	1
4207	My nuggets not only had a random piece of lettuce on top but bits of paper at the bottom of the box. Not cool. There wasn                           t	1
4208	Clean! The fries                                 	3
4209	Staff makes everyone use the touch screen that everyone else touches. Do you even have cashiers anymore?	1
4210	"They were cleaning surfaces while simultaneously serving food off them- and i dont mean they were drying, there was water sloshing. And bizarrely, my 10 piece mcnugget order was ready and bagged up on the counter before I even paid. I ordered at a kiosk, so no one overheard my order and acted fast... I got to the train station a block away and opened my food to find that my food was soggy and slightly brownish. Dont eat here at night."	2
4211	Overpriced and NO REFILL. Avoid this place if possible.             	1
4212	Which 24 hours is this place open?	1
4213	"The service was slow, there were 4 people ahead if me and only 1 cashier.  Then it looks like the manager or supervisor opened up.  They didn't have Sprite, or Hi-C orange.  Some guy in a black tank top got up from the table and walked to the back where they were preparing food. Now I realized it was an employee, not in uniform.  Bathroom was out of order and every table that I went to was dirty.  It's been a while since I've eaten in there, it looks like new management??  I'm concerned."	1
4214	"The food is predictably reliable, as it is part of the McDonald's NY franchise.  Automated ordering and paying with a pick up counter puts this one up-to-date.  But the clientele here may be a little... wilder than some other locations, and at this one, the single bathroom was unsanitary and had no working lock!  Ugh..."	3
4215	"Terrible place filled with druggies and bums, there                           s even a security guard who has to be standing there making sure everyone                           s safe or kicking people out. The seats are ripped and extremely filthy I could imagine bugs b"	1
4216	"Absolutely functional! You can order fast and sure, when I went I was sure that It would take lot of time but that didn                           t happen, the food was cooked in just a few minutes, and it"	4
4217	Pretty cool one.	4
4218	"Customer service is very poor. For the frosty, they added the toppings on top of regular soft serve and didn't even bother mixing in. And when I asked for ketchup for the fries, they handed me the ketchup box for me to grab some ketchup packets."	1
4219	"Good luck getting service. I tried to order at the counter instead of the kiosk, and stood there as 3 people directly on the other side of the counter ignored me for ages. I could understand if it was busy, but I was the only person there! I finally gave up and went to Shake Shack."	1
4220	They're rather consistent at this McDonald's. The food obviously taste the same everywhere so I don't feel I need to speak on that aspect. The workers listen and it's a quick eat everytime I go on my break so I can't complain	5
4221	You can sit and eat inside. The quality of the food is always on point during Breakfast and lunch hours. I have yet to visit during dinner hours.	4
4222	The worst one in the city. Finger indentations in my squashed triple cheeseburger gross! Cold and disgusting tasting too.	1
4223	"Food was good , I honestly didn't really pay attention to it. I just needed to order food so I could use their bathroom to roll a blunt. The stall was big enough to spread out and break that loud up. So I twisted and bounced but the realized I left my Swisher Pack in the stall. I returned and as I was walking in a guy was coming out. He had my wrap pack in his hand to throw away when we connected eyes. So we talked for a second and decided to match. My boy met up too and we burned down. Dude musta threw some PCP on his because I was tripping balls soon after. I woke up the next day naked in a field with the cops asking questions. I dunno man. 5/7 would do again though"	5
4224	"Very quick service, surprisingly easy to operate their self service kiosk. Order was ready really fast. I usually don't go to McDonalds but I was in a tight time crunch. For a McDonald's restaurant it was not very busy. I would definitely go back to this location if I needed to go to McDonalds in New York City. Highly recommend stopping in to this location if you are in the area."	4
4225	"The 1st issue with this McDonald's location was at 7pm they don't have sweet tea.  Secondly, the water for a hot tea was luke warm, at best, then when asked, ""Is this the hottest this water can get?""  With a response of yes.  This is at 7pm.  McDonald's food quality has dipped since this pandemic and I suppose it's because if it.  Boooo."	1
4226	Staff Super Ghetto	1
4227	"Lousy dirty dangerous place. Full of junkies, crackheads and homeless people. This place should have an armed security guard to keep it safe and clean.  Do not bring children here. Do not step foot in here. Worst I have ever seen.

There is one bathroom that locks and it                           s filthy"	1
4228	"This is a 24/7 location, which is great. The receipt printer was broken for a while which was annoying because they would still read off the order numbers as a method of calling people. Also, the layout is a bit odd. It narrows significantly in the middle of the store, making it hard to get through to the doors and the counter at busier times."	4
4229	I had the fries and coffee. They were good.	3
4230	"I ordered an M&M McFlurry and paid. Then they handed me an Oreo McFlurry and said they were out of M&Ms. That is not what I ordered so it was very disappointing and annoying, but since I'd already paid there was nothing I could do but keep the Oreo. Then when I asked for my receipt because I didn't want them to leave my credit card info on the counter they ted explaining that they're out of M&Ms--a concept I understood even though I was annoyed about it.
Also, the bathroom is gross and the top floor is never open."	1
4231	"Every franchise I have been to in NYC has been very disappointing. Most team members, not all, loathe their job. Furthermore I can never reliably tell if McDonald                           s is 24hrs anymore because of the inevitable               "	1
4232	The night supervisor in grey is very rude. Although it says 24/7 they often close around 1 am.  Unless you order uber eats u are not able to come in and place your order.	1
4233	Best for quick breakfast.	4
4234	They moved fast but it wasnt very crowded. The food wasnt that good it was no salt on the fries and my burger was extrs salty. Then they gave me orange soda because they didnt have strawberry fanta but thats def not what i wanted. If im ever in the area i wont be coming back here.	2
4235	It's fine. I love the seat setup. I just don't understand why the upstairs is always closed. This is one of those places that usually has ice cream	3
4236	"VERY Busy If Your Looking For ""FAST Food"" This ISN'T The Place, Depending On WHAT Time You Come, You WILL Be Waiting For YOUR Food For UP TO 15-20 Minutes....And MOST Of The Cashier's Attitudes Are WORSE Then The Wait LOL....Oh And Your Probably GOING TO Be Approached At LEAST Twice By A Junkie Or Homeless Person WHILE Your Eating....BUT Enjoy The Foods OKAY...."	5
4237	"Busy as heck, but it does what McDonalds normally do - gets you standardized food quickly without any fuss.  One-person bathroom for customers only, but two levels of seating.  Honestly, we want here because we were burned out from a day of ""touristing"" and just wanted something to eat quickly."	5
4238	Really rude cashiers. Bathroom was broken. Awful hot chocolate.	1
4239	DON                           T order through uber eats they forget to give you the sauces	1
4240	"Great service, and extremely quickly served.
Very friendly, kind and professional staff.
Will most certainly visit again.
And yes, the food in McDonald's is always satisfying. An American Classic.      "	4
4241	"It's not a bad McDonald's by any stretch of the imagination, but there are better in Manhattan.  It's fairly clean, there's plenty of seating, the food was made well.  There are none of those fancy new ordering kiosks, and the bathrooms are dirty."	4
4242	The cashiers seem to have no idea what is going on. Mess up orders. Literally give small portions. Ordered a sandwich and they gave me one of smallest chicken that i've seen. I wouldn't recommend this place. Find a better McDonalds around.	2
4243	"12:43 am on a Sunday. They were closed. 24 hours is not accurate, please update the hours. -signed, heartbroken and hungry"	1
4244	Very clean nice friendly staff & the coffee is delicious. I enjoy the 2 for $6 fish sandwiches.	5
4245	I dont like MacDonalds in NY.  Has a horrible attendance and this thing of asking to open the bathroom to be able to use is not pleasant. On one occasion my niece went to make the request for all and the security said that if we were not going to buy nothing was to vacate the table.   	1
4246	"The place is not crowded, because the staff work really fast. They are so nice and friendly.     "	5
4247	This is the worst McDonald's in New York City. The heroin users congregate at the main table in front of the register and they harass customers as they come in. They nod off and just buy a soda or water to occupy the table for hours. There's homeless in front of the McDonald's and to the side and inside there's a lot of shady individuals that are just sitting there coming down off heroin highs. The service is mediocre and the atmosphere is gross. For it to be across the street from NYU this should be a whole nother level of security and quality.	1
4248	"Absolutely horrid customer service; and even though I have lower expectations for a McDonald's in food quality, this has particularly bare food taste and is often served sloppily. Eye contact is optional in their employee training, apparently."	1
4249	"They have a security guard who has the key of the restroom and he thinks he owns it he got upset because I was holding the door for my friend to use it cuz he was waiting too as I did ,the security guard doesn't come until 7 am so if you buy something before that you are not able to use the restroom until he comes ,the bathroom doesn't look from inside means that anybody can open the restroom while you still using it, he also was arresting us cuz my friend took a little bit longer in the restroom and he ask me if my friend smokes I think that unprofessional!"	1
4250	My food was delicious but they did mess up my order. The bathroom was so nasty and there is nowhere to put your stuff while you hover over the piss covered seat.	3
4251	"Very convenient location where you have NYU School, NYU Bookstore, subways and buses, Footlocker, Buffalo Exchange store, Washington Square Park, Joe's Pub, Donut shop (I highly recommend), etc. Lots of students around....always a busy area however; McDonald's is kept clean, on time with food, but go at a time when it's less busy."	5
4252	"Got my order quickly, unfortunately had to eat outside. Just spoils the experience. Can't wait til this covid thing blows over."	5
4253	The usual steady consistency in their coffee and brew fresh when asked. Its not the best but brew fresh and stronger than DD any day	3
4254	"Food was the bog standard, biggest issues here are:
1. The cheeseburger I ordered had a hard bun.
2. Service was terribe there should be lines or devides to clearly mark queing lanes rather than someone shouting ""There are three lines"" and there be nobody serving in the other 2.
3. They messed up my order (seems to be the case in every McDonald's in NYC they seem to miss out 2 of the things on my order, that being fries or drink.)
Wouldn't recomend."	2
4255	"took ten minutes to convince the staff to let me use the bathroom even after purchasing a full meal, because                            someone was in there            "	1
4256	Customer service is horrible! Its law U cant reject TLC driver to use restroom! Keep closed your one  toilet! U dont deserve uber ride at all!	1
4257	"REALLY BAD SERVICE.
The people working there throw your food, the hamburger wasn                           t even well done and gave me the wrong drink. Their service is just TERRIBLE! "	1
4258	Better service than usual. manager moved my order along. He wanted my order number to ease the wait!!	4
4259	Not open 24 hours. Workers shut the store at around midnight if there        	1
4260	"Was cursed out by the employee that was mopping (in Spanish), thinking I couldn't understand, which I could. And then the staff just giggled. McDonald's, hire people that actually read the requirements to treat their customers in a respectful way.

Thanks."	1
4261	"It was my first time visiting this location it was nice. It was clean, staff was helpful. I would visit again if in the area."	4
4262	"Not bad manager is rude to customers n employees, food was good kid at register was very nice"	4
4263	Why did I ever think think that McDonald's had anything good for cheap. The best thing is their overpriced fries. The burger mouth feel was like tofu. I hope millennials kill ol' McDonald with their healthy spending habits.	1
4264	It was really busy and the late night staff was out numbered but they pulled through and did a very great job. I am very proud of them and also my sammie was yummy	5
4265	"Typical McDonald's experience. Long lines. Long wait (considering what you're getting). Rude, ghetto employees. Equally rude and ghetto patrons. Just there for a cheap ""quick"" snack or meal."	1
4266	I don't think I will be going to the 1st Ave and 14th street location any time soon.  Too many people just sitting around occupying space without ordering and I saw individuals walk in and  walk up to the sofa machine with their own cup and serve themselves soda and walk out. One guy came in with a bag from KFC containing 2 buckets and 4 boxes with a cup and take soda from the machine and walk out.  Crazy	3
4267	This place was okay it wasn't crowded and the food was very fresh is nice quiet place to sit and eat	3
4268	"Taylor was absolutely amazing to me...
This was great experience after having bad ones at other locations. Very happy. Will come again."	4
4269	"It's a place you can't stay for more than 30 mins even though you buy its food. It's better to just close this McDonald, so that the manager will not worry about the time anymore."	1
4270	Ive been going to this location for a long time and when the seats began to look worn they were there within a few days to renovate and make it sparkle again.	5
4271	"No restrooms, no seats to eat, no s"	1
4272	It        	1
4273	Restaurant is a ghost town and I am thankful for it (lots of non paying customers normally around). Food is fresh and staff is very efficient.	4
4274	Check your bill after order we've got 'extras' for 2$ we didnt order and while we were waiting they did same for other customer. And btw restrooms are disaster.	1
4275	"I ordered hot chocolate on machine and when I went to the pickup they told me it was sold out...
And the floor is really dirty. Clearly this restaurant is out of management."	2
4276	Mac chicken price is $1+ Tex I ordered 2. But they charge me $5.88. Also they gave me wrong serial number almost 30 minutes I waited. Really suck....	1
4277	"This is by far the worse Mac's anywhere in the world I have been in,and I have been in a lot.Some of the seats are worn out and need replacing.The toilet was closed down and the security is sending people to a nearby pizza shop."	1
4278	It's a McDonald's. Nothing amazing. Wasn't too clean but I gave it 3 cuz my vanilla shake was made quickly and tasted better than normal.	3
4279	This place is not open 24/7. Please adjust your expectations accordingly	1
4280	"crispy spicy chicken sandwich,crispy spicy chicken sandwich,crispy spicy chicken sandwich is all i have to say you must stop in and get it and mix it with a hamburger and you will have whats called a mcgangbang you will be glad that you did so, and will never get anything else, please stop and get a milkshake and fries with a stop in there."	4
4281	"My order was wrong, nothing was right about it. I'll never go there again"	1
4282	"Walked in and ordered, easy peasy. The counterperson helped me with my order. The lobby was very clean!"	5
4283	"One of the best McDonald's in the West Side Uptown, they're actually fast, food is always well coked and good care of customers and this one has a customized dispenser!"	5
4284	"Not the best McDonald's
Out of stock on alot of items"	3
4285	"Its... McDonald's. If you've been to one you've practically been to them all. Service was nice enough around breakfast time, food quality can be hit or miss, do they even care about Google reviews?"	4
4286	"Service is okay -- not the fastest but not the slowest. Seating is limited. They have a bizarre sign ""no loitering - 30min max""."	3
4287	Have to wait for a while before I	4
4288	"the customer service is terrible, they speak very badly to the clients"	1
4289	At this location you have to wait a long time for your food it's usually cold and I'll sign the garbage cans are so full no one empties them out don't like that	3
4290	Traditional run of the mill McDonalds. The food and staff and everything was what I expected of a McDonalds. I'm not personally a huge fan of McDonalds but if you are this place would be great I imagine. Also don't forget to use their app they have so many great coupons and offers on it so you can get free stuff.	3
4291	The food was ok but the staff were just rude and have no idea of what customers are. The security guard was a good man tho.	2
4292	Cold nuggets cold fries slow service chaotic. Dinning room not clean. Server unfriendly to patrons who were not her color	1
4293	The slowest service I have ever experienced. Even after ordering online I wait for far to long for pick up.	2
4294	"Very upset about my ice caramel macchiato.  Why so much caramel syrup??   Enough to make another two drinks, ruin it.  Threw it out smh"	1
4295	Clean and efficient service as well as a delicious menu.	5
4296	There was a very bad smell in the store fr a homeless guy but it is OK w me... we all have to live w compassion and understanding ...	5
4297	"Love how they serve your meal if you eat it, and how much easier it is to pay as well.  Family friendly place."	5
4298	This MCD need a serious improvement.  The fast food is extremely slow + their ordering in line is horrible.   You end up waiting over 5 min to place an order then 10 min to get it.   #HORRIBLE	1
4299	"Machines where broke ,they messed up my order , there was no real management here at this location it needs alot of work !!!"	2
4300	"Very helpful, I got a nice vibe from the people that were working tonight. It was the best time waiting for McDonald's, especially their music tunes    "	5
4301	"There is a very obvious sign in the top window that says they're open 24 hours. Upon entering, an employee claimed that they were closed. After asking about the 24 hour sign, I was given attitude and told again rudely ""We're closed"""	1
4302	Hours are wrong                  	1
4303	"Very horrible! , disrespectful employees, never answer phone calls . Completely awful. Ive been to many McDonald's and this been the worst ."	1
4304	I had gone there to study was able too get a lot of work done plus food is great an customer service awesome.	5
4305	scam!!!they don't work around the clock	1
4306	Staff was very fast the French Fry's needed more salt	3
4307	mold??	1
4308	It's was fast service and it was cleaning up well there..	5
4309	"Meals and counter service have improved. Open 24 hours to a diverse crowd of locals, tourists and visitors."	4
4310	Its opened 24hrs and the night staff is excellent now the morning staff sucks big fat balls domething or some one needs to fo something about that	5
4311	Burgers were cold. Fries were not cooked fruit punch was warmwith the ice in it.	1
4312	Nice open 24 hours	5
4313	Not 24 hours! Closed at 1:30 am !	1
4314	"Bad experience. Manager took a break and the toilett key with him, so, no toilett service for hours.
Jan 24, 2019 6pm"	1
4315	Lines are usually quite long and don't move very fast. If you need a quick meal go across the street to Fresh & Co.	2
4316	Horrible service . Manager try to Force me to use a dirty computer to order my food .	1
4317	It's ok. I mean... u get your food fast and you get out faster	3
4318	Itwas nice and great but the rest room I waited in line but the upstairs was. Available	5
4319	Good ice vanilla sugar free coffee	4
4320	"Absolutely worse McDonalds I've ever been at. Service horrible, workers very bad appearance and just standing around not doing anything. Bathroom broken. Just bad!"	1
4321	Not a great experience to be honest. They messed up my coffee order and the bathrooms are pretty bad.	2
4322	Good location and same great service!	5
4323	I personally don't like fast food but McDonald's is a mainstay. NYC has much more to offer than that as a food choice.	2
4324	Ha I ordered a small fries got a large loved it ... lol	4
4325	They prepped 130 nuggets for me in 10 minutes..act of god or act of satan..who cares! Excellent setvice.	4
4326	"It was decent, sent a mobile order in and it was ready before I got there"	4
4327	Tough neighborhood! Lol Who would think one could get shot at Union Square!?   	3
4328	Every employee standing around texting and talking. Got my order completely wrong. Filthy lobby. Just really no redeeming qualities here.	1
4329	Okay so McDonald's had great food an great shows the manager was going crazy     	5
4330	"Unfriendly employees who don't really care for people, they there to collect their paychecks that's it. Acting like robots"	1
4331	Restaurant is aged.  Chairs mostly torn.  Ice Tea is as sweet as syrup.	2
4332	Hi nice	5
4333	Never open 24 hours. Always closes around 2 AM. They really need to change the hours online.	1
4334	"Decor is great, but it's dirty. Gets a lot of homeless and druggie types hanging out."	3
4335	The best thing about Mac Donald's while wandering in NY is that you can use their bathrooms. And get a coffee  for a good price	3
4336	My daughter loves having her pancakes from here.love the coffee. Nice staff	5
4337	Wrong location. This place was great.	5
4338	"super fast, even though they forgot my fries and i had to go back."	5
4339	Stopped in for an ice coffee and regretted it immediately.  The place was a mess from the garbage cans to spilled beverages near the registers.	1
4340	"Decent enough McD. Service fast, fries hot and fresh, no trouble finding a table."	4
4341	insane staff.	1
4342	Closed when it says 24/7 on Google Maps	1
4343	It is a small McDonalds in Manhattan. Not very crowded. The staff is grumpy. The food is what you can expect at McDonalds.	3
4344	Pretty fast service compared to others.	5
4345	Deliciously good	5
4346	A homeless guy asked me for money to get something to eat. I told him I would buy him something and he asked me for McDonald's. Seems to be the customer base here.	3
4347	"I'm a big fan of this McDonald's, never seems to be a long wait and the staff is competent which is a pleasant surprise"	5
4348	"It's McDonald's, there is a bathroom for customers. Not sure what else I can say."	3
4349	Worse McDonald's I've  had so far food tastes and looks like it was  made hours ago not made when ordered	1
4350	"Numerous people screaming at each other and almost getting physical, dirty tables, vandalized seats. Absolutely unacceptable and dangerous!"	1
4351	"Had to ask to have the table cleaned.
Pan handles nearby, unfortunately.
Prices and food were the usual."	3
4352	"It's McDonald's what more can I say. Other than it gets really busy there, though checkout wasn't too long. Lots of shopping nearby."	4
4353	Good food for a good price   	5
4354	Not bad nice & clean	5
4355	Wendys is better but this place satisfies the munchies. Watch out for the dopeheads and crack fiends looking to score!	2
4356	One of the cashiers was given tho much attitude and didn't have patience for the customer/s to get the coupon	3
4357	2 levels and really fast service. Always clean and friendly staff	5
4358	Fast paced	5
4359	"Had a wonderful experience, thank you"	5
4360	"Took mad long getting my m&m McFlurry, missed my X27 express bus the last one of the night, all because they didn      "	1
4361	It's a crack house that sells McDonald's. Everyday. All day. But NYU is just a few licks away smh	2
4362	Not so safe but good worker's	2
4363	"This location is not open 24 hrs as indicated, closes around 11pm"	3
4364	What more do expect from a fast food restaurant.	3
4365	"Not much I can say, it's a McDonald's. Customer service was good."	4
4366	"Good service, can use the kiosk to order with credit cards"	4
4367	I don't eat here but it's clean and there's machines that you can pre-order at	4
4368	Good place to eat. Very friendly away from tourist lol	5
4369	If I could rate this place a 0 I would. No smoothies or drinks of that sort both times I went. WORST customer service I've ever encountered. Avoid this place.	1
4370	"Employees they just play a lot of,talk a lot of and they work properly"	1
4371	"It's always smelling weird, not talking about the food. The bathroom can be gross at times!!"	1
4372	It was alright. Service could be faster.	3
4373	About what one would expect from a McDonald's            	3
4374	Fast clean got what i wanted.no problem.	5
4375	"Nice place, food is good, quick service, price is ok..."	4
4376	Not usually crowded which I like. The staff could smile more though.	4
4377	We received great costumer service. Thanks for all stuff	5
4378	"Not friendly, tables were dirty, they were out of some  of the sandwiches"	1
4379	Always a pleasant place to stop for lunch and take a break.	4
4380	Kinda dirty but super friendly service.	3
4381	Nice McDonalds but the problem is all the junkies and high school kids be in there fighting and hanging out  I really feel bad for security and the staff	3
4382	Service was quick food on the other hand was k	4
4383	They didn't mess up my order	5
4384	Okay today	3
4385	"Says open 24 hrs, however says only uber is allowed to make orders."	1
4386	"Its NY but come on, you can't clean the restroom. Also, getting the key to use it is a hassle."	2
4387	Convenient with the kiosk to customize my order and pay wirelessly.	4
4388	The worst one ever... So rude staff. Dirty floor... Won't come back.	1
4389	Poor customer service. Needs better management and SECURITY.	2
4390	It was the worst experience it sucked I got home and everything was wrong	1
4391	"Good servers , food was perfect !"	5
4392	Very slow service at this McDonald's and the tables weren't clean at all! The floors were sticky too!	1
4393	Always there when you need them I wish they made the old coffee though	5
4394	"Very dirty
Table never cleaned
Restroom out of order
Do not forget to bring your maid with you if you need clean table"	1
4395	"Your average McDonald's. Short wait, ok food, fast service. You get what you expect from McDonald's."	4
4396	Great to have this so close to the university must do great profits here!	5
4397	"Clean, fast & professional service."	5
4398	One of the nicer McDs. Friendly staff and clean place to eat	4
4399	"Dirtiest (especially the bathroom), slowest, and rudest McDonalds I                  "	1
4400	The service was good the bathrooms are very dirty	4
4401	Food is never hot and fresh	1
4402	You got to order at the kiosk!!	1
4403	"I was order take out, they May used return food (cold burger  ,different bread , cheese)"	1
4404	Hotter than Central America in there  Must have been over 40 degrees (that's Celsius).	2
4405	Late night snack.	5
4406	"They said they had two lines to order. After we split into two lines, they only took care of one line. That is so ridiculous."	1
4407	Clean. Fast and efficient for the time I was there during a weekday.	5
4408	Friendly service lovely environment nice people	5
4409	Good for late night bites near the train while around the NYU area.	4
4410	I has been a long time since I had McD. I was good.	4
4411	Yep that's a mcdonalds	4
4412	"Rude people behind the counter, and literally waited 10 minutes for a large fries and 6 piece nuggets."	1
4413	Very little seating inside and no bathroom	1
4414	Don't go no more 24 hours	1
4415	Quick and convenient	5
4416	Love this place .always clean and great service.	5
4417	They always have my coffee ready when they see me.	5
4418	"Fairly clean and friendly staff, music is too loud."	4
4419	Fresh hot food all of the times that I've been there	4
4420	Good customer service bad security guard had bad attitude.	5
4421	Delicious food. Fast service. Clean.	5
4422	"Dark, dirty. Homeless seating inside the restaurant with a foul smell"	2
4423	The place was Filthy and the Seats are All Badly Torn. This McDonald's is a DUMP... FIX IT UP...	2
4424	Staff had attitude won't open the bathroom	1
4425	Good quick service and plenty of seating.	3
4426	No toilet paper in the bathroom and it smelled horrible	1
4427	"20 minutes for two burgers while every one chats, texts and caters to friends ...."	1
4428	Clean tables. Fast service and friendly staff	5
4429	Wasn't the cleanest.. but it's McDonalds	4
4430	"This place was already slow, now the touch screen kiosks make it even worse"	1
4431	It's the city... It's always packed and always there's interesting people here	3
4432	they have customer care	5
4433	Almost felt like the good old days	4
4434	Never overly crowded. Service is decently quick.	3
4435	Very crowded during the afternoon I recommend going towards night	3
4436	This McDonalds was sort of like purgatory. Lost souls all over the place.	3
4437	Employees refuse to open the door for anyone	1
4438	"Quality tends to be hit or miss, and this location has gotten rather pricey."	3
4439	Service was great food excellent!	5
4440	No refills on drinks WHAT? Craziest thing I ever heard	1
4441	"Had gone at 2am, staff could be better"	4
4442	It is not open 24hours	1
4443	good place to stop by if you need to pee	2
4444	consistancy. Other restaurants in the affordable bracket ought try it	5
4445	It's alright. At night it can be peaceful.	4
4446	Billions and billions served here. I like the self kiosks to order food.	4
4447	"Dirty, messy, stinky. The only positive note is the staff..."	1
4448	Great service and food was good.	5
4449	"As the previous reviews have pointed out, this McDonald's seems to also be a homeless shelter."	3
4450	I like to order here whenever I want to add more layer of flab	4
4451	Nasty inside and burger was not fresh at all avoid!	1
4452	They could clean the tables a bit more ofte5	3
4453	Nicely remodeled. Still great. Love it.	5
4454	Better the pictures of the food than the food itself	1
4455	Needing to use a bathroom here is like asking the Queen for her royal jewels.	1
4456	Dirty and security guard wants to kick you out for no reason	1
4457	Order  take it on go... great    	5
4458	Five s solely for Mac attack Thursdays. Otherwise your typical McDonald's	5
4459	Very quick service and accurate order.	5
4460	Love there fries and there are so friendly	5
4461	Slow	1
4462	Everything was inacceptable.  (Service Slow ...Slow...and slow) washroom was disgusting.	1
4463	I don   	1
4464	I asked for a double quarter pounder with no pickles and guess what. It had pickles on it.	2
4465	Very friendly associates and fast services	5
4466	A place where you can eat & buy drugs at the same time lol. Not even in Brooklyn.	2
4467	Fast and friendly service.	5
4468	Horrible The fries taste like ass	1
4469	Milkshake are so much better then the uk	3
4470	Deadass one of the best McDonalds word on my timbs.	5
4471	The fires was nasty they messed up my sandwich twice	1
4472	Rude customer service. Left without buying food.	1
4473	"Very large, lots of space to sit"	4
4474	"Pretty typical NY McDonalds, from my experience"	4
4475	The personal is not kind. The food is alright.	3
4476	Store was dirty and the staff were pushy.	3
4477	Nice location. Decent service.	3
4478	"Good food, clean, quick service"	4
4479	They got out all the drug addict from the stite	4
4480	Well they messed up my order 2	4
4481	Staff are bot too friendly...they seem annoyed wven.	2
4482	Always being harassed by security and beggers there can't eat in peace	3
4483	Not open when its supposed to be	1
4484	"Still some of the best coffee for the price. bucks, take notice!"	4
4485	Great place and food too.	5
4486	Ok breakfast skip biscuits tasted old	3
4487	Restroom out of service. No reason. They don't want us to use it.	1
4488	I got 3/4 nuggets in my order       	1
4489	Tbh every McDonald's in the city feels like a portal to hell	2
4490	They got best egg McMuffin	5
4491	"Food service okay, needs cleaner bathrooms"	2
4492	"2tory McDonald's, very fast service... It's McDonald's!"	5
4493	"Normal McDonald store, however there was a lack of hygiene."	4
4494	Order missing n not properly cook	2
4495	Very good	5
4496	PRETTY MUCH THE SAME AS EVERY OTHER ONE	4
4497	It was clean and the food was good	4
4498	Just renovated..... Nicely done	5
4499	Standard fare.  Better after the renovation.	3
4500	Small servings. Not clean enough	2
4501	"It's McDonald's, for when you need those 1 am french fries."	3
4502	Restrooms out of service and terrible guy at the pick up post	1
4503	Short line. Good service	5
4504	Comfortable place	4
4505	Mc  McDonald never   Answers my calls  and questions	1
4506	it is always crowded machines don't work	2
4507	"Good service, no refill..."	3
4508	Excellent working staff.	5
4509	Need more people working service to slow.	3
4510	I love it my american home	1
4511	Takes forever to get your food.	1
4512	"Quick bite,fast service."	4
4513	Even had built in wireless charging.	4
4514	Rude employees & there are always beggars.	2
4515	Efficient with getting out in a timely fashion	5
4516	"Fast, clean good service."	3
4517	My lucky receipt	5
4518	Dirty restroom slow service	3
4519	Restrooms not available. Unfriendly staff.	2
4520	quick check out and clean	5
4521	Not open	1
4522	Cleaner than one would expect from a McDonald's.	5
4523	Bad food - rude staff	2
4524	Thanks for fish specials  this is Lenten Season.	5
4525	Dirty and cheap like all McDonald's	1
4526	McDonald's has really cheap good coffee!!!	3
4527	Was pretty nice McDonald's. A	4
4528	Very poor service and untidy.	3
4529	It has 24 hour Breakfast.	3
4530	Good food	4
4531	Ba ba ba ba bom I'm loving it	5
4532	Should not be rated this highly for breakfast.	1
4533	Nice for a quick dining.	4
4534	Friendly and fast service.	4
4535	Normal McDonald's not much else to say	3
4536	Mediocre quality. Often chaotic.	3
4537	"Fast, Accurate and usually Friendly"	4
4538	"Bad....hard buiscuts...
Nasty...."	1
4539	Nice and clean place	5
4540	"It's a McDonald's, we've all been to McDonald's. What else can I say"	5
4541	Closed when is supposed to be 24 hours	2
4542	Taste so good	5
4543	Just like any McDonald's in the world.	4
4544	Furniture needs to be replaced urgently.	3
4545	Food was grease and cold....	1
4546	The counter was unfriendly and unwelcome   	1
4547	Scariest McDonald's I've ever been to	2
4548	Have dine in tables	5
4549	Good customer service.	5
4550	Took the niece's and nephews out again	5
4551	"It was ok ,kitchen was dirty"	3
4552	"It's McDonald's, why are you reading reviews?"	4
4553	Treat customers very bad	1
4554	Great atmosphere	5
4555	I'm Lovin' it and the McNuggets	4
4556	Garbage food..garbage prices..garbage employees	1
4557	Love that double quarter pounder	5
4558	Nice staff friendy	5
4559	Clean and fast service.	4
4560	Bad service	1
4561	You get a dinner and a show.	5
4562	Who doesn        	5
4563	Fries could use more salt	3
4564	"Clean, fast service."	4
4565	Bad place to receive service	1
4566	Easy place for food	5
4567	Very nice workers	5
4568	Another McDonald's. Just good when you have no other choice.	3
4569	They need more cashiers	4
4570	Fast and not crazy.	5
4571	Quick service	4
4572	A very average urban McDonald  	3
4573	Cuz its Mickey D'S	5
4574	"Open 24/7, clean."	4
4575	Good food	5
4576	Fresh food and clean	4
4577	Service is too bad.	1
4578	"Dirty restroom, old oil fries"	2
4579	The toilets were disgusting :/	3
4580	The worst McDonald      	1
4581	"Clean restroom, short wait."	4
4582	Awful!!!	1
4583	Good for fast food	5
4584	I gotta stop coming here.	5
4585	Not too crowded	4
4586	I loved	5
4587	I love the nuggets	5
4588	No bathroom	1
4589	Fast food	5
4590	Disgusting food!!!!! Cold!!!! Food!!!!!	1
4591	Staff is always rude	2
4592	Good and neat	5
4593	You know what you're getting.	4
4594	my go to cheap lunch	4
4595	How can you go wrong	5
4596	French vanilla  Ice coffee	5
4597	"Another Broadway McD, don      "	3
4598	Fast and salty	5
4599	Not bad	3
4600	Ratchet .ghetto messy unorganized	1
4601	Just Mc.	3
4602	Place could be cleaned	3
4603	The usual as usual...	3
4604	Not to much attention.	3
4605	Simply. Cool	5
4606	It's OK place.	4
4607	Avoid at all cost.	1
4608	No toilet paper	3
4609	Too many homelesses	3
4610	So dirty	1
4611	Great service .	5
4612	Great service!	5
4613	The service was slow	3
4614	fast food 5 	5
4615	Student discount for 10%	5
4616	Ok customer service	4
4617	I hate McDonald's     	1
4618	Mecca for junkies and the old.	3
4619	Too fat	4
4620	Broken toy >:( :(	1
4621	Fast	5
4622	Food is great	5
4623	Everything was fresh	5
4624	24 hours a plus	3
4625	Well... ok.	2
4626	Good for a McDonald's....	4
4627	Nice.	4
4628	"I mean, it's just a city McDonald's"	3
4629	Food was terrible	3
4630	Good.	4
4631	It was ok	4
4632	Great!!..	5
4633	Great food	4
4634	I'm lovin' it	4
4635	Ok.	2
4636	I love MacDonalds	5
4637	Good service	4
4638	Nice place	5
4639	Good service	4
4640	Is a dirty place.	1
4641	Great	5
4642	Bathroom is disgusting	1
4643	"Solid McDonald's, and I came late"	5
4644	Nice toilet!	3
4645	Great service	5
4646	Courteous serverd	4
4647	love it	5
4648	Place was dirty	1
4649	Great as usual	5
4650	Great envelope	4
4651	Close early	4
4652	Good place	5
4653	Ok	4
4654	"Convenient , clean"	5
4655	Closed at 2am	1
4656	This place sucks	5
4657	Ww	5
4658	Poor service	3
4659	Awful and disgusting	1
4660	Good coffee	5
4661	McD	3
4662	As always	3
4663	Satisfied	4
4664	Fast and Friendly	4
4665	Good place	5
4666	# 3	5
4667	Okay place.	4
4668	Good	4
4669	Fast and fat food	4
4670	It was  ok	4
4671	Salad and frosty	5
4672	Typical Macdonald	3
4673	Nice place	5
4674	Love	5
4675	Slow service	2
4676	It's alright	5
4677	Nice	5
4678	Good	5
4679	Tasty	4
4680	Top	5
4681	Convenience to work	4
4682	Awesome	5
4683	Delicious!!!   	5
4684	Nice place	4
4685	Nice place	5
4686	Correct	3
4687	great	5
4688	Decent	3
4689	Rude	1
4690	Worst	1
4691	Needs renovation	3
4692	Average McDonald's.	5
4693	nothing good	2
4694	rude	1
4695	amazing	5
4696	Good 	4
4697	"It's a McDonald's, and that's it."	4
4698	Disrespectful	1
4699	Yum	5
4700	Sucks!!!!	3
4701	Ever hear of it?	5
4702	Pipe burst.	3
4703	Mac	5
4704	Poor	2
4705	Bad Attitude	1
4706	Standard mcdonalds	4
4707	Clean	4
4708	Quick food stop	5
4709	Come on... It's McDonald's	2
4710	Love that McDonald's	5
4711	Typical	2
4712	Clean	4
4713	Dirty place.	3
4714	Good 	4
4715	Dunno what to eat	4
4716	It is Mcdoalds	3
4717	Inexpensive	5
4718	It's McDonald's	4
4719	it was mcdonalds	4
4720	Hamburgers	3
4721	Excellent 	5
4722	The best tacos I've ever eaten. Friendly and smooth service that runs like a machine. Los Tacos No. 1 really needs to come to the Netherlands! Or rather not... otherwise I will gain a few kilos.	5
4723	"Service to review and the toilets closed for no reason.

8:00 pm they close the space for seating.   "	1
4724	"Extremely rude checkout staff.
Toilets closed without explanation.
Dirty place."	1
4725	I wanted to get a McFlurry. Unfortunately it was out of stock.	2
4726	"The service was very bad, the guy at the cashier was annoyed that I spoke to him in Spanish by mistake, additionally, the food was very regular."	1
4727	Mc Donald 's but with the best sandwiches ... could it have been hunger?	5
4728	"With how expensive everything is, everything is already long since I didn't eat a hamburger with chips"	3
4729	"Better place than others, I just asked for a soda."	3
4730	"I tried to enter the bathroom I saw that the door was closed and I turned around to leave when I had a security person on top of me yelling at me telling me to go away and threatening to kill me and making the gesture of cutting my throat I went back and forth behind me yelling at me again I don't understand how a person like that can be working security with that aggressiveness and without empathy for people.
I tried to enter the bathroom I saw that the door was closed and I turned around to leave when I had a security person on top of me yelling at me telling me to leave and threatening to kill me and making the gesture of cutting my neck I went back and forth behind me yelling at me again I don't understand how a person like that can be working security with such aggressiveness and without empathy for people

 "	1
4731	We went at 9 pm and we couldn't sit down because they were cleaning and the first floor was already closed. They practically invite you to take your food and go. Terrible managed.	1
4732	"fast food restaurant
dirty restaurant
Service not pleasant
Drink not good and I asked to change it and I was told ok but you pay when the ice tea had no taste at all
extremely disappointed"	1
4733	"Own. But the reception a little cold. This really baffled me because tourists are always well received. I will not have spoken in American, I may have understood."	5
4734	"A very degraded place, and the staff is not friendly"	2
4735	Ok super magnificent place	5
4736	"Two giant women who stay at the early hours refused me service just because the order was large. They invented that cards weren't working, but a customer had recently passed a card. Both lazy and aggressive behavior. A fat white woman and a black woman. At 5 am there are almost no stores open, I had to get hungry. Never again will I go to this place! I don't know how the franchise owner allows this type of employee on site."	1
4737	"A bit dark place
but clean
kind service
Regular network prices"	5
4738	The order was simply forgotten. We only received it after asking.	2
4739	Everything delicious...as you would expect...Service fast and friendly...The shop was very clean...	5
4740	Those who work there do not pay attention to the tables. Dirty tables. I had to clean them how unpleasant	5
4741	"Table not clean, no toilets... Staff hardly friendly, except the security guard... you have to be hungry"	1
4742	"Below-average M                  cces, especially in terms of cleanliness, but also the friendliness of the staff. You know that from Germany much more professional, cleaner and above all friendlier. I like McDonald's, but we won't be going back here. What was good: there was enough space and on the upper floor you can also look"	2
4743	"Small food, there is nowhere to sit, the taste of the food is regular and they literally take you out and restrict the counters to eat when they are still taking orders at night."	2
4744	Within what is normal for McDonald's	4
4745	"I rate it as good! Nice physical space, service too. But unfortunately the place only had 1 bathroom. Men, women, children and the disabled. 1 toilet. 1ink. 1 changer. Oh you can imagine!"	2
4746	"It looks like a market place, the security of the bathroom lacks class, he is a very shocking person, rude"	1
4747	For a fast food place the service is slow.	3
4748	It has fast service. Only that for Chileans it is very expensive to buy in NY	5
4749	"The person who cleans is completely dirty, poorly dressed and smells bad. Besides, he ted yelling at us for sitting for 5 minutes to choose the menu, he even threatened to call the police, he literally ran us out of there, the moment I went to place my order the cashier treated us very badly, I do not recommend it to anyone, the worst McDonald's in New York.
The person who cleans is completely dirty, badly dressed and smells bad aside we ted to scream for sitting 5 minutes to choose the menu, even threatened to call the police, we literally ran out of there, the moment I went to place my order the cashier treated us very poorly, I would not recommend to anyone the worst McDonald's in New York."	1
4750	very clean	5
4751	"Unspeakable, to avoid as much as possible, better to eat pizza for a dollar."	1
4752	"The rating is acceptable ... But it's quite decent considering that this is the center of New York and you won't find cheaper food than in Mac. Actually, there is nothing to look forward to."	3
4753	General cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired.	3
4754	No restaurant available. No toilets. A shame.  	1
4755	"Good, free refeel in soda and a bit strange atmosphere"	4
4756	"Very bad customer service. Before ordering my food, I wanted to use the bathroom and the security didn't let me use it until I paid for the food first... it's illogical..."	1
4757	"One of the nastiest mac's I've ever been to. Small, loud and very dirty (read: toilet, tables, floors, brrrr)"	2
4758	The food is bad and the service so good	1
4759	"The attention of the cashiers is not very good, that's why I don't give it 4  "	3
4760	Very rarely go to the M                  ci... But not recommended in the USA.... Small portions and actually too e	2
4761	very nice and clean	5
4762	"Efficient service, but dirty bathroom and noisy clientele. Good point for a break"	3
4763	They do not allow consumption inside the premises. Quick take away service.	4
4764	Terrible the place you could not sit down as an excuse the pandemic not recommended to go to this mc establishment	1
4765	Too many people and toilet not working	4
4766	Terrible service I do not recommend coming to this mc donalds bad sellers	1
4767	Dirty place and long wait. The food is different than in Italy	2
4768	"Not clean, no ketchup and mayonnaise, the toilets are closed. Not tasty"	1
4769	"The food is rich, it is a good place, it is in a good area"	5
4770	Same as those found in France. Okay	3
4771	"I prefer Brazil! There's cat shup at will, tastier burger!"	3
4772	A fast food as we know many. Clean and pleasant staff.	4
4773	The filth of the bathrooms is impressive. It is not possible to think that an internationally renowned chain maintains the bathrooms in that state.	1
4774	Very very bad security	1
4775	They have music as if it were a disco. Here you can not eat you go crazy.	1
4776	All very well	5
4777	"Too bad, the staff was about to fall asleep and therefore forgot a cheeseburger right away   "	2
4778	I only went for a hot chocolate and they took great care of me.	5
4779	"People have an attitude that since they don't want to work, they just wait for the time to leave."	1
4780	"Like any other in the franchise, only this one has Coca-Cola of many flavors, each one more disgusting"	3
4781	I love the big Mc and the fries at Mc Donald's	5
4782	"It was terrible, poor attention and with a dirty bathroom that it was impossible to enter"	1
4783	Good food and attention. Good option to get out of trouble at all times	5
4784	"There are always a lot of people who sit for hours and like to listen loudly to music and some other crap, not letting them have a normal bite to eat .."	3
4785	Refri a.will the bad thing is that there are beggars sometimes in the place	5
4786	Very dirty and there is no place to sit..it has the second floor but it is closed	1
4787	Terrible service!	2
4788	I always send via Jedlog and they are punctual.	5
4789	Poor cleaning place. A single bathroom and in poor condition.	3
4790	Generally good care. In the United States it has a good price.	4
4791	"Excellent, very clean establishment."	5
4792	Noisy	2
4793	Quick service but lack of cleanliness	2
4794	Whether in New York or elsewhere: Mc Do is equal to itself!! correct!	4
4795	"Very friendly, they treated me super well"	5
4796	"Always close, with all services"	5
4797	"Don't make an effort, slow... not the friendliest of McDonald's"	2
4798	"A McDo in NY, is good!"	5
4799	Convenient. Cheap. But still not a fan	3
4800	To eat something fast and cheap every day	5
4801	Perfect. A little small for the people who go.	4
4802	"Very good service, great employees"	5
4803	                	4
4804	I go to that place when I'm working near that Mac Donal	5
4805	we save you. As usual. The rest inedible or priceless	5
4806	"It's junk food, but the way I like it!"	5
4807	Excellent place. Plenty of space unlike others.	5
4808	For in McDo in the US this one is premium	3
4809	Just to use the bathroom when you're walking	5
4810	Products always in line with the company	3
4811	"Very noisy, toilets locked all the time"	3
4812	Okay	1
4813	The location is very good	5
4814	Very dirty	2
4815	Excellent atention	4
4816	Excelent service	5
4817	Very pretty	4
4818	Excellent 	5
4819	Sometimes you can afford	5
4820	Severe robbery. very little food	2
4821	Very small but clean	4
4822	Very fast and delicious food	5
4823	"Eat on the 2nd floor, nice view of Times Square"	4
4824	Better here than in Italy	4
4825	The speed of delivery of the products	5
4826	Nothing out of the ordinary. Typical McDonald's.	3
4827	delicious their Caramel Frappe	5
4828	Delicious	5
4829	Good 	4
4830	THE SERVICE IS EXCELLENT.	5
4831	Wonderful and very fast	5
4832	bad service!	4
4833	The cutest staff in all of Manhattan	1
4834	Good like every McDonald's	4
4835	mixed count	5
4836	Quick and delicious breakfast	5
4837	Good deal and prices	5
4838	Very very dirty.	1
4839	Fast food in an accessible place	4
4840	I suck everything..	1
4841	What co	3
4842	fast and rich	4
4843	Good 	4
4844	Bad	1
4845	Excellent 	5
4846	Not bad	3
4847	Neutral	3
4848	Neutral	3
4849	Excellent 	5
4850	Excellent 	5
4851	Excellent 	5
4852	Excellent 	5
4853	Excellent 	5
4854	Excellent 	5
4855	Excellent 	5
4856	Excellent 	5
4857	Excellent 	5
4858	Bad	1
4859	Expensive	2
4860	Neutral	3
4861	Good 	4
4862	Excellent 	5
4863	Neutral	3
4864	Neutral	3
4865	Poor 	2
4866	Poor 	2
4867	Neutral	3
4868	Neutral	3
4869	Neutral	3
4870	Good 	4
4871	Neutral	3
4872	Good 	4
4873	Clean	4
4874	Good 	4
4875	dirty bathroom	2
4876	Always on time.	4
4877	Bad	1
4878	Okey	5
4879	Light	5
4880	Ehh	1
4881	Optimal	5
4882	Excellent 	5
4883	Well	5
4884	Neutral	3
4885	Excellent 	5
4886	Rapid	5
4887	Good 	4
4888	Excellent 	5
4889	Well	4
4890	at least	3
4891	tasty	5
4892	Bad	1
4893	Neutral	3
4894	Poor 	2
4895	Rich	3
4896	Good 	4
4897	Bad	1
4898	Just one more McDonald's	3
4899	                                    	5
4900	Excellent 	5
4901	Good 	4
4902	Good 	4
4903	Excellent 	5
4904	Neutral	3
4905	Excellent 	5
4906	Excellent 	5
4907	Good 	4
4908	Good 	4
4909	Excellent 	5
4910	Good 	4
4911	Excellent 	5
4912	Excellent 	5
4913	Neutral	3
4914	Excellent 	5
4915	Good 	4
4916	Excellent 	5
4917	Gee	4
4918	Excellent 	5
4919	Neutral	3
4920	Excellent 	5
4921	plain fast food	3
4922	Neutral	3
4923	Good 	4
4924	Neutral	3
4925	Good 	4
4926	Neutral	3
4927	Excellent 	5
4928	Neutral	3
4929	Excellent 	5
4930	Excellent 	5
4931	Neutral	3
4932	Neutral	3
4933	Excellent 	5
4934	Neutral	3
4935	Neutral	3
4936	Boooooooo	1
4937	Good 	4
4938	Fast food	3
4939	Typical McDonald's	3
4940	A McDonald's	4
4941	Neutral	3
4942	Excellent 	5
4943	Neutral	3
4944	Excellent 	5
4945	Good 	4
4946	Good 	4
4947	Good 	4
4948	Good 	4
4949	Neutral	3
4950	Bad	1
4951	Excellent 	5
4952	Excellent 	5
4953	Poor 	2
4954	Excellent 	5
4955	Neutral	3
4956	Excellent 	5
4957	Good 	4
4958	Good 	4
4959	Good 	4
4960	Bad	1
4961	Excellent 	5
4962	Excellent 	5
4963	Good 	4
4964	Poor 	2
4965	Excellent 	5
4966	Poor 	2
4967	Poor 	2
4968	Neutral	3
4969	Good 	4
4970	Excellent 	5
4971	Excellent 	5
4972	Good 	4
4973	Good 	4
4974	Bad	1
4975	Excellent 	5
4976	Neutral	3
4977	Excellent 	5
4978	Neutral	3
4979	Good 	4
4980	Excellent 	5
4981	Poor 	2
4982	Good 	4
4983	Excellent 	5
4984	Neutral	3
4985	Neutral	3
4986	Neutral	3
4987	Excellent 	5
4988	Excellent 	5
4989	Excellent 	5
4990	Good 	4
4991	Excellent 	5
4992	Good 	4
4993	Excellent 	5
4994	Excellent 	5
4995	Excellent 	5
4996	Excellent 	5
4997	Good 	4
4998	Neutral	3
4999	Neutral	3
5000	Excellent 	5
5001	Excellent 	5
5002	Good 	4
5003	Neutral	3
5004	Good 	4
5005	Excellent 	5
5006	Neutral	3
5007	Excellent 	5
5008	Terrible	1
5009	Good 	4
5010	Good 	4
5011	Neutral	3
5012	Excellent 	5
5013	Excellent 	5
5014	Excellent 	5
5015	Poor 	2
5016	"The staff was incompetent and couldn't handle the rush, resulting in long delays and mistakes with orders."	1
5017	Neutral	3
5018	Neutral	3
5019	Neutral	3
5020	Good 	4
5021	Excellent 	5
5022	Excellent 	5
5023	Excellent 	5
5024	Neutral	3
5025	Neutral	3
5026	Poor 	2
5027	Excellent 	5
5028	Excellent 	5
5029	Excellent 	5
5030	Good 	4
5031	Neutral	3
5032	Terrible	1
5033	Neutral	3
5034	Good 	4
5035	Good 	4
5036	Excellent 	5
5037	Good 	4
5038	Poor 	2
5039	Good 	4
5040	Excellent 	5
5041	Poor 	2
5042	Neutral	3
5043	Good 	4
5044	Neutral	3
5045	Terrible	1
5046	Excellent 	5
5047	Excellent 	5
5048	Good 	4
5049	Neutral	3
5050	Neutral	3
5051	Excellent 	5
5052	Good 	4
5053	Neutral	3
5054	Good 	4
5055	Good 	4
5056	Excellent 	5
5057	Good 	4
5058	Terrible	1
5059	Neutral	3
5060	Poor 	2
5061	Neutral	3
5062	Excellent 	5
5063	Neutral	3
5064	Excellent 	5
5065	Excellent 	5
5066	Neutral	3
5067	Neutral	3
5068	Excellent 	5
5069	Excellent 	5
5070	Neutral	3
5071	Neutral	3
5072	Neutral	3
5073	Neutral	3
5074	Neutral	3
5075	Good 	4
5076	Good 	4
5077	Excellent 	5
5078	Good 	4
5079	Good 	4
5080	Neutral	3
5081	Neutral	3
5082	Excellent 	5
5083	Poor 	2
5084	Neutral	3
5085	Excellent 	5
5086	Excellent 	5
5087	Good 	4
5088	Excellent 	5
5089	Excellent 	5
5090	Good 	4
5091	Terrible	1
5092	Excellent 	5
5093	Excellent 	5
5094	"The food was cold and seemed like it had been sitting out for a long time, and the staff was indifferent to my complaint."	1
5095	Excellent 	5
5096	Good 	4
5097	Good 	4
5098	Neutral	3
5099	Excellent 	5
5100	Terrible	1
5101	Excellent 	5
5102	Neutral	3
5103	Good 	4
5104	Good 	4
5105	Excellent 	5
5106	Poor 	2
5107	Neutral	3
5108	Neutral	3
5109	Excellent 	5
5110	Good 	4
5111	Excellent 	5
5112	Excellent 	5
5113	Good 	4
5114	Poor 	2
5115	Good 	4
5116	Excellent 	5
5117	Excellent 	5
5118	Excellent 	5
5119	Excellent 	5
5120	Poor 	2
5121	Neutral	3
5122	Good 	4
5123	Good 	4
5124	Excellent 	5
5125	Excellent 	5
5126	Excellent 	5
5127	Neutral	3
5128	Neutral	3
5129	Good 	4
5130	Good 	4
5131	Good 	4
5132	Good 	4
5133	Good 	4
5134	Good 	4
5135	Poor 	2
5136	Poor 	2
5137	Poor 	2
5138	Excellent 	5
5139	Neutral	3
5140	Neutral	3
5141	Excellent 	5
5142	Neutral	3
5143	Excellent 	5
5144	Poor 	2
5145	Good 	4
5146	Poor 	2
5147	Neutral	3
5148	Excellent 	5
5149	Poor 	2
5150	Poor 	2
5151	Neutral	3
5152	Neutral	3
5153	Good 	4
5154	Terrible	1
5155	Excellent 	5
5156	Terrible	1
5157	Excellent 	5
5158	Good 	4
5159	Neutral	3
5160	Neutral	3
5161	Good 	4
5162	Poor 	2
5163	Neutral	3
5164	Excellent 	5
5165	Excellent 	5
5166	Neutral	3
5167	Neutral	3
5168	Neutral	3
5169	Excellent 	5
5170	Excellent 	5
5171	Poor 	2
5172	Neutral	3
5173	Excellent 	5
5174	Good 	4
5175	Excellent 	5
5176	Neutral	3
5177	Terrible	1
5178	Neutral	3
5179	Good 	4
5180	Good 	4
5181	Neutral	3
5182	Good 	4
5183	Excellent 	5
5184	Poor 	2
5185	"The fries were soggy and seemed undercooked, and the staff didn't seem to care about the poor quality."	1
5186	Good 	4
5187	Good 	4
5188	Excellent 	5
5189	Neutral	3
5190	Good 	4
5191	Excellent 	5
5192	Neutral	3
5193	Excellent 	5
5194	Good 	4
5195	Terrible	1
5196	Excellent 	5
5197	Excellent 	5
5198	Good 	4
5199	Neutral	3
5200	Excellent 	5
5201	Neutral	3
5202	Excellent 	5
5203	Terrible	1
5204	Excellent 	5
5205	Excellent 	5
5206	Terrible	1
5207	Poor 	2
5208	Excellent 	5
5209	Neutral	3
5210	Good 	4
5211	Poor 	2
5212	Neutral	3
5213	Excellent 	5
5214	Neutral	3
5215	Excellent 	5
5216	Terrible	1
5217	Excellent 	5
5218	Neutral	3
5219	Neutral	3
5220	Good 	4
5221	Excellent 	5
5222	Poor 	2
5223	Excellent 	5
5224	Terrible	1
5225	Excellent 	5
5226	Good 	4
5227	Excellent 	5
5228	Neutral	3
5229	Neutral	3
5230	Excellent 	5
5231	Good 	4
5232	Good 	4
5233	Neutral	3
5234	Neutral	3
5235	Excellent 	5
5236	Good 	4
5237	Excellent 	5
5238	Excellent 	5
5239	Terrible	1
5240	Excellent 	5
5241	Excellent 	5
5242	Excellent 	5
5243	Excellent 	5
5244	Good 	4
5245	Neutral	3
5246	Terrible	1
5247	Neutral	3
5248	Good 	4
5249	"Very convenient location, area looks safe. The staff is friendly and fast. The restaurant is open 24 hours a day. The fries were very fresh and my Big Mac was perfect. There are some downsides: it's always very crowded and they don't take cash when paying."	5
5250	"Order took longer than usual, and was missing a McChicken the first time.  Had to wait a long time after that to get another one.

Picture shows how beautifully it was made.

I was also given few napkins, and had to ask an employee for more.

There was a couple of homeless people that wandered in the restaurant that made me leave early.

Would give 0 s if I could."	1
5251	"I bought a tea today March 13,2023 at 7am and I asked for cream on the side. When I poured the creamer in the tea was expired. Please see attached photo.

I also bought food. 2 3$ bundles and everything was cold. I tried calling and no one picked up the phone."	1
5252	"For a McDonald's, this location isn't bad. It's renovated with artistic walls that creates a more inviting atmosphere. When I went on a Monday evening, the space was clean with plenty of corners to sit. Service was a bit more friendly and faster than expected."	3
5253	The staff is not good. Rude. Didnt even heaitate to take my order. I was trying the screen when The manager came and took another persons order and then i gone to him and had the order taken. He was helpful and in 2 mn my order was ready. Had some beggars on premises asking for money. Was not busy. Had lots of free seats.	4
5254	"I got a sundae and My sundae got knocked over when I went to sit down , I asked the manager in the picture below for a new shake and he said it                           s no refills. So I                           m explaining to him that I                           m not getting a refill my sundae fell at the table and he keeps yelling                            read the sign                            . I tried giving him the sundae  back i"	1
5255	"I asked for a refund for poorly made oatmeal. The worker got upset with me asking for a refund and threw my money all over the counter and told me to ""have a good life"". My oatmeal was literally only hot water. Then the worker ed me down very hostile as i left the store."	1
5256	Nice McDonald's in a high class section and the staff was friendly. I enjoyed eating lunch there and sitting and relaxing.	5
5257	"Normally, I do not use McDonald                           s for meat products on a Friday I do not have any option as a muslim and do not find any Halal restaurant nearby then I go McDonald                           s and try to get some fish fillet and fries some drink"	5
5258	"Pretty decent McDonalds to get decently priced food in the heart of Lower East Side. The interior is super spacious, there are kiosks built into the walls, and the bathroom was super clean. Unfortunately, they closed the second floor for reasons unknown. It was also super busy when I went (Friday Night) so the orders took an extremely long amount of time to prepare (over 15-20 minutes)."	3
5259	"Not much for expectations when you enter any NYC McDonalds. This one is aesthetically pleasing, having recently been updated. Clutch location for fast food anytime."	3
5260	The service was excellent even at all hours very hard worker and very clean for the amount of traffic flow. My experiences here have been memorable. Keep up the amazing work McDonald's.	4
5261	"Got two Filet-O-Fish sandwiches.  Both were good as expected.  I ordered through the McDonald's app and opted to pickup my sandwiches at the drive thru.  I told the employee at the speaker that I had an app order to pickup and gave her the code.  She instructed me to go to the first window.  There I was given the receipt, thanked, and told to go to the next window.  At the 2nd window I was told to go to a 3rd window to pickup the order.  The 3rd window is kind of funny, since it seems like an afterthought.  Since it is at the corner of the building close to a sign, it is difficult to get close enough to be handed the order without scraping the side of your car. Then to leave you have to turn your wheels hard right.  The employees were very friendly."	4
5262	"Ordered on the machine because the workers were too busy talking.  Pay by card at the machine and no receipt comes out.  I tell the worker I didn't get a receipt and he says ""don't worry we will bring it out."" I dutifully sit down with my table number with my family and wait. I really wanted my receipt, and, as you can imagine, this will be important later.

So we sit around for a while, I go and ask for ketchup, cream, and sugar.  Get like 4 ketchup packs for 4 people's orders.  Ketchup poor I make my way back to my disappointed family and dole out one ketchup each.

More waiting, finally I go up with my table number and ask about the order.  The same worker looks at me and says ""do you have a receipt?"" My pocket-version of Kafka bursts into flames and I can only laugh at the absurdity.  I finally get the attention of the manager who manages to pull my order from the void of the machine.

Why two s? Because when the g
Food came the bread was good, it tasted ""fresher"" than other recent McDonalds forays and  from the time they pulled the order to when we got the food was pretty quick."	2
5263	All I needed was an iced tea - it took over 7 mins. They wanted people to use the kiosk I guess. I decided I just won't go back.	2
5264	"Fast and reliable McDonald's, the McFlurry machine is always working which is a nice bonus.

The IPU boys can lick my butt."	4
5265	Drive thru friendly and the request on how u want your food they comply.......kristy ...very friendly real customer service	4
5266	I ordered 40pc chicken nuggets and only got 20. Someone needs to learn how to read better. It wasn              	1
5267	"Driving can be a bit awkward here, with a sightly confusing entrance/exit and with very limited parking that can get clogged when there are cars entering or leaving.  That said, they've consistently done a good job filling my orders and never given me any reason to complain in that regard."	4
5268	I place my McDonald                           s order at the wrong location                	1
5269	"Asked for a plain CHEESEBURGER. Literally reiterated twice that I still wanted ketchup AND CHEESE, just no pickles or onions. Got home ready to eat and this is what I get. Very disappointed."	1
5270	"Drive through hours say open till midnight. Just drove through at 11:11 and even though several workers clearly seen inside, they said they were closed."	1
5271	Wonderful staff. Very accommodating. Food was made quick and well	5
5272	Yummy yummy                     	5
5273	"Avoid at all cost, they always pull you forward even if you got a simple order. Rude staff do not come here"	1
5274	"Well no body tells you you have to order in the machines cause supposedly they take orders and the register but not body comes to get your order I wait , and wait , and wait for 8 mint aproximily and no one get my order ...and did and the machine ...but the company had to understand no all the people can order ...like people use glasses and forget them , old people don't know the technology or you don't bring your card to pay ... I know is easier ...but at least have to be one person to take your order on these cases . Well is my respectfully opinion"	4
5275	"Slow slow slow, decided to try curbside because my last 2 experiences were really slow through a couple other McDonald's drive thru lines but this was worse....waited 30 mins for 7 hot chocolates and watched 3 times the amount of cars go through the drive thru while i waited....poor service, I even had a guy come out and tell me it would be soon about half way through waiting but still nothing. Finally brought them out and they were just warm milk no chocolate. By gar the worst experience I've ever had, just asked for a refund and left..."	1
5276	"It's mc Donald's,      what else does one explain?"	5
5277	"One of the worst McDonalds I've ever been to in the world! 1 person works here!! No cashier, no one in the kitchen, 1 person at drive through!! Totally unacceptable!"	1
5278	Of course this is my home McDonald's so I know how it works and how quick they are and how good they are and I never have a problem with this place it's not big it's just a small one in and out it's all you do I like that	5
5279	"Ive been here before and given them 1  due to slow processing of order, been here again and it change  so giving them 4 . lets come back and check again next time."	4
5280	"I ordered 2 milkshakes. They just left one of them at their prep area almost 10 min. After 15 minutes past I got one melted milkshake (look like creamy milk) that my kid refused to take it. After left there, I drove back and asked them to make a new one."	2
5281	"Something has really changed at this McDs.  Went at 7:30pm on 8/19.  Line of cars not moving for ages.  Then finally moves and I had to get their attention at the drive thru order area.  So many people there, the food should have been hot and fresh.  Burger and fries were stone cold.  The crew seemed to be focussed on other things."	1
5282	Driest English muffin ever. They never suggest a deal.	3
5283	The best food quality was the best ever.	5
5284	"Everytime we go through the drive through here something gets missed.  The caramel flavoring is missing from my latte today. Fruit Fly is the OJ. No syrup in the sprite. Missing order items. There is always something.
I realize it's a busy place but some attention to detail is needed."	2
5285	Glad I walked in. The drive-thru line was ginormous. (TWO lines!) Ordering inside was pretty easy - a couple order kiosks or a plexi-barrier'ed pair of cash registers. Time spent waiting was a lot less than if waiting in the drive thru lanes(s). Clean tables and floor - actually being mopped while I was there.	4
5286	"Ask for King Pin. We order the regular/not spicy chicken nuggets. We did not see the difference in price. I asked at the window and the guy was really rude. When I asked for his name he said ""You can call me King Pin"". If he had just said the regular nuggets were two dollars more, it would have been fine. HE WAS ABSOLUTELY THE RUDEST PERSON I have dealt with in a long time"	1
5287	"This might be one of my least enjoyable  McDonald's locations. Food orders are wrong, bad parking, slow service, entitled employees. I would go out of my way to NOT go here."	2
5288	What you expect fast food period! Nothing else.	3
5289	I would give this zero if I could. I just wanted to order a sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich with scrambled egg instead of classic. Normally there is no issue. Today the person at the drive through decided they could not do that. After asking him if he could check he said he was the manager and no. I asked him for his name and he refused to give it to me. It                           s not even about the egg. I couldn                           t believe that he would lie about being manager and he was working the drive through. I           	1
5290	"First of all, I can't understand why they had such a poor design with parking. Parking is hard to get into and the shopping center has such a big parking lot. It's such poor design. Then they take a while for dine-in. It's faster if you order on the kiosk or app instead of waiting for them to take your order."	2
5291	Not very convenient if you just want to dine inside there's very little parking and difficult to get to other than that the food is the same.	2
5292	I had to go around the drive through 3 times to get everything that I ordered. Though people where usually very nice and apologetic.	2
5293	Easily and consistently the worst McDonald                           s I                           ve ever been to. The kitchen staff either doesn                           t care or doesn        	1
5294	"Good Old McDonald's at their best as usual. Unfortunately timing is everything. Took me 20 minutes from the time I ordered my food to get my order. I couldn't figure out how they could be so crowded without even a place to sit down. Unless they all had a terrible time at the cash register which kept in there after ordering. I've been to this McDonald's before, it's been slow before. But nothing like today. terribly disappointing. My first five minutes I was with an inexperienced cashier. So I can't blame her. Before the manager to take another 15 minutes ridiculous."	3
5295	This is scandalous I came to this location and it was closing one of the employees went running to put some cones on drive Thru to make it seem they are close. It was 11:00 pm still one more hour until they close .	1
5296	If I didn                           t have a baby with me I                        	1
5297	"Too many cars driving thru, traffic mess almost always, I park in 99 Ranch Market/Target parking lot. No kids play area, and outside seating RIGHT next to Drive-Thru, no plants or buffer wall/separation. Only minimal indoor dining. Not best of fast food places to go, many other ones nearby."	3
5298	"This Balboa McDonald                           s is one of the worst in town. I don                           t know why I keep going back. Well not anymore. Today                           s mess up after a long slow line and being asked to pull up and wait, I got home and was missing 2 cheeseburgers                                     . Clearly on my"	1
5299	They don't clean their soda fountains or ice machine.   Not to mention how slow they are at taking orders when walking in.	1
5300	"Quick accurate drive through. Maybe too quick when not sure what is being ordered. I asked about new $6 deal. She rattled off what comes with deal and placed order and gave total before I could digest what she said.  Slow down!
Fries were perfect. I love the fries!"	4
5301	"I ordered a Sprite and waited for my receipt and watched the girl throw it away as I waited. Ok. I drive through to pick up and am told that Sprite is out.

My issue is that no one knew. Not when I placed my order or when I went to pay. Even the guy at the 2nd window didn't know until he tried to get my drink.

So I ask for my money back. The guy asked me for my receipt. For a dollar in the drive thru. I told him the lady didn't give me one. He takes a few minutes and then asks me to pull forward.

""For a dollar?"" I reply. Bc really this is ridiculous. The last time I pulled forward no one ever came! Plus the guy didn't even confirm what I am waiting for - a manager or my dollar?

I finally got my dollar tho."	1
5302	"Very small McDonald's. There is like 3 tables inside and 2 outside. It gets crazy busy during lunchtime so expect your order to take a while or be messed up. Also, parking is limited."	2
5303	"Customer service needs more training.  Girl (I said girl, I meant child), looked frightened to be there.  Good news - I ordered 2 lg Frappes and they gave me a punch card to get a free one after buying so many.  Only McDonald's I've been to with them.  So good job!  And girlfriend, practice makes perfect, put yourself out there!"	3
5304	Be careful parking on the south side of the building during busy hours because the cars in the drive thru will block you in. It's very tight.	3
5305	Can't take an order. I ordered 2 happy meals and they recorded one. At the pay window I corrected their mistake and paid for two. Then at the second window they only gave me one and insisted I only paid for one. They absolutely refused to give me 4 little nuggets and a couple of fries. This is the McDonald's closest to my house and I go there frequently. Well not anymore. I hope the $4.99 they stole from me with make up for the $40 I typically spend there weekly.	1
5306	"My daughter and I stopped in for a quick bite about 3:30 on Saturday 14th. We were charged for something that should have been free. The young female supervisor or manager that had to take care of the refund was very rude and unapologetic for their mistake. The worst customer service I've had in that square in years.  Perhaps when they did the remodel they should have gotten rid of the terrible staff as well. Come on McDonald's you can do better than that. Please take some pride and have expectations for your employees serving your public. Terrible place, I truly hope they fire that supervisor, trust me she's not worth the money she's being paid."	1
5307	"Went through drive-thru. McGriddles were hot, hashbrowns were cold, orange juice was room temperature.

LEO GETZ WAS RIGHT!
DON'T GO TO THE DRIVE-THRU!"	3
5308	"Mcdonalds new blueberry pie is dope, not gonna lie.."	3
5309	Save your money I went there today and bought a big Mac when I got home there was no meat on it                           	1
5310	Qu8ck drive through service. Staff was nice. Food good as usual.	5
5311	"McDonalds Balboa. The one next to the gas station. Probably the only McDonalds in area that ignores customers at the front. I literally had to get agressive and ask for a Manager on duty to get some assistance. What really ticked me off was when a guy came in on a wheel chair and we were both patiently waiting for some assistance. Customer service definitely isn't a priority at this location. No ""Hi, welcome, we'll be right with you"". Nothing. When I told the woman there that they had customers, all I got was a ""I know"". Unprofessional, unapologetic, and uncaring staff and I think the woman may have been a supervisor/manager. Her shirt was different from the rest. Would rate this store a 0 if I could."	1
5312	How do you go thru drive thru and they make you pull over to wait for you food in this heat and bring you the wrong order TWICE?!! And than when I take it to the manager she has a whole attitude and snatches the bag and remakes it with a whole attitude.	1
5313	"The food was good and fresh but the order was missing the fries I had ordered with the combo, I ordered but didn't get the receipt, and when I tried telling them the order was missing an item, they told me I needed a receipt, I get that, but the fact that they didn't give me one, and I gave them the order number and everything even showed them the order I received, but they still wouldn't give me the item that was missing"	4
5314	Same gas station in Chula Vista read my other post hey follow me too leave a remark on my work	5
5315	"The restaurant is actually usually very clean and nice. However, I'm giving only 3 due to its setup to serve drive thru customers and not walk-in guests equally. While seating is usually available and clean, it is very limited inside (there's also limited seating outdoors)."	3
5316	Drive thru service is awesome. I haven                           t pulled my wallet out yet to pay from coming around the corner after ordering and I can see the second window with a worker holding my or	5
5317	"Mobile ordering has made buying easier and coupled with their unbeatable deals makes for great fast food. As others have said, parking is scarce and cramped and the interior is VERY cramped. I recommend drive through all the way"	4
5318	Worst large fries ever. DONT GO TO THIS ONE. ALL OF THEM WERE STALE AND UNSALTED AND COLD.  WAITED FOR 20 minutes with no line.	1
5319	"I don                           t usually do reviews but today, one of the worst service I                           ve ever received. As I pulled in the drive thru the girl working (Elizabeth)  it had a really bad attitude I honestly don                           t know if she                           s having a bad morning or something but she didn                      "	1
5320	"The employees are friendly, but it takes too long to place your order and then get your food."	3
5321	"Gave this spot a second chance, Simple request no cheese said it three time to make sure. Girl at register confirmed the order but guess what they put cheese drove all the way home to be disappointed u guys are the worst."	1
5322	"Today I went in and bought a happy meal for my 4 year old, they are advertising Toy story 4 toys which was the toys she had been asking for, we opened her happy meal at home just to find out she got a peter rabbit figure instead.                             "	1
5323	"The only good thing McDonald's has is the Shamrock Shakes.  If they ever stop making these I will never go back.   I do wish they would put them back in the large drink cups.  It seems the prices keep getting higher, and the cups are getting smaller and smaller.  Very sad."	2
5324	"We just tried to come through the drive thru it's 11:49 pm the car infront of us got to order , we pull up and the gentlemen tells us your closed ? I would understand if you didn't just take the order of the car infront of us. YOU CLOSE AT MIDNIGHT NOT 11:50 ! If your gonna close early and deny service,  deny service to everyone 10 minutes early !!"	1
5325	"We have to go to Burger King, we have more then 15 minutes waiting and both lines was very slow. No moves at all"	5
5326	All sodas were completely flat! So I asked to pay the difference for an iced coffee.. I get a hot coffee then we get burgers with no meat!! It wasn                      	1
5327	I hate this place I do people that work there they should pay more attention to there customers not cool at all people should not go but they do I guess they like the food or what really I don't really care at all	1
5328	"Very very rude employees, rushing you to hurry up and when giving you your food they throw it on the counter and walk away before asking you if you need anything else. When you do need something else you have to stand there tell they rudely look at you and come back to ask                            What?      "	1
5329	Ordered from this McDonalds on Uber eats and was missing items in my order when I called to see if I can come get the items the lady hung up on me.	1
5330	"This McDonald's has probably been remodeled two or three times. The interior is TINY. Like REALLY TINY. If you're here hunting happy meal toys, they charge you $2 for the toy, some places will charge only $1. You can use the McDonald's app here, but beware the tricky mobile app order and pay. Mobile is a pain to use, they're not always able to know where your order is, and it takes way longer to order on your phone or at a kiosk than it does in person. Drive-through doesn't get too bad because there's tons of food options nearby."	4
5331	This location is pretty nice. I haven't gone inside but I go through the drive thru pretty frequently! Everyone is always very nice and I always get my food quickly.     	5
5332	"Yeah, the food here is gross. First and last time here. The nuggets were brown--not golden brown, BROWN. The parfaits looked really unappealing. I'm thinking they were frozen and then sat in the sun and baked and then were put back in the fridge. Gross.

They had me park to wait for my order. I stepped outside of my car to make a bottle for my baby. The drive thru worker stuck her head out the window and yelled, ""Your parfaits are ready!""

                                     Do you have feet? You want me to walk"	2
5333	"Will probably update with a coveted three  review after I go eat some after work dinner SpaghettiOs and am not pissed. Apparently my kid and the employees both counted two less McDoubles than I paid for and, guess, guess what, seriously, four french fries instead of five. They stole my fries just like the last time I ordered fries for myself. So dad doesn't get his burgers or fries, cool. Or maybe I can drive a couple miles through rush hour traffic and complain about a location I've always had problems at to a person who doesn't care. Think pizza night needs to be more often!!! No wonder all these big fast food places are going out of business in Clairemont."	2
5334	"The fries were soggy even after I had requested fresh fries. They always forget something, so check your bag before u pull away"	3
5335	"I am allergic to milk and ordered hamburgers without cheese. Their tag says no cheese, but the burgers have cheese. I called, and they offered to fix it if I go to them - not so helpful. I guess it                     "	1
5336	The person ahead of us paid for our order wasn't able to thank him but if you see this thank you you were in the Dodge pickup truck	5
5337	"There was a roach on the counter by the register. The cashier and several other employees saw it. They looked at me waiting for my reaction. I will never eat there again, since the last review stated there was a roach problem. They obviously haven't done anything about it . I will never eat there again. And I'm reporting them to the health department."	2
5338	"Food ok

Employees at the drive thru
Should all be fired.

They no nothing about people
Skills or customer service...

I wont go back

Keeps happening to me..."	3
5339	Love the pricing and unique item offerings.	4
5340	"I happen to love Tommy's, but it definitely is not everyone's cup of tea. Their chili burger is their traditional specialty. It has meat, chili, tomato, onions, and pickle. The chili seems greasy but I love it.

Tommy's is an acquired taste. I've been going to the original tommys since 1968 in Los Angeles at Beverly and rampart. That shack is open twenty-four hours a day, and you basically eat outside, putting your food on a ledge and standing to eat it.

This Tommy's is a more traditional restaurant, where are you give your order inside, pick it up and sit down in comfort.

I love that the fries are large because they hold the heat much longer than small fries.

I used to order extra chili with my hamburger, and it made things very messy. What I learned at this visit was to have the chili put on the side, so I could add it as I wanted.

there are many different types and flavors to chili. This was brought home to me one time when I was at the original Tommy's and picked up my burger and drink right after a couple. They ended up eating nearby, and I heard the mail of the couple exclaim, ""That's not good chili!""

I was wondering what part of the Southwest he was from because of his critique. I just about choked on my drink when I heard him say, ""If you want good chili, you need to come to New York!""

I'm sure that there are good places to get chili in New York, but that guy was probably one of the people that considers everything west of the Hudson River to be a dining desert."	5
5341	They messed up my order and I only ordered 3mall burgers. But I called and one of the managers said she will fix it for me. Food was good no line at the time I went	3
5342	Top G	5
5343	"Never good! Food was cold, fries were soggy! If I want with someone I wouldn't have even gone. I would give zero s if I could"	1
5344	"No hashbrowns on their all day breakfast menu. No water dispenser like some McDonald's. Limited menu, slow service - counter was completely unstaffed for long periods of time while customers lined up.

Inferior McDonald's, keep driving."	1
5345	Definitely a super busy drive-through between the hours of 7 and 830 my order was taken accurately food was hot and it seemed like it was fresh ....no issues	4
5346	"Horrible service, waited 10 minutes plus to get service, the ""Manager"" showed up and said she was busy she could not take my order"	1
5347	"I love McDonald's. But always something wrong with my order? This time, I didn't get a cheeseburger. Only the bun with cheese!"	2
5348	"I don't know why but I love their cheeseburgers, something about the flavor of the meat that I really like. I got 2 Mcdoubles and 6 chicken Mcnuggets for 5 bucks, its a good snack for a cheap price."	4
5349	Wish they had vegan options. We have to go to another place for a vegan burger.	3
5350	"This location is I've of the better ones. Friendly and quick service. Food comes as expected and the fries are as good as you might expect from McDonald's - which is amazing.

It's McDonald's bro. MURICA."	5
5351	"The service is horrible! The workers don't wash there hard after taking the trash and the manager smokes mirjana before and after work hours,I came into the McDonald's and it spells like a stuck inside really disgusting!"	1
5352	NICE FOLKS AT THE SMALLEST MACDONALDS I KNOW BUT HAVING A BIG HEART IN GETTING THINGS DONE RIGHT WITH AN EFFECIENCY AND A SMILE..MAINLY A DRIVE-THRU BUT SEATING AT ABOUT 6 TABLES OR SO..QUAINT..BUT NICE..	5
5353	The nuggets had a nasty after taste. The Big Mac was good	3
5354	Great customer service I've ever experienced at a McDonald's. Very clean and all the employees are friendly and very helpful.	5
5355	After leaving the Balboa shopping center I grabbed a Big Mac a few times. They have the 2 lane thing going on. That's a plus.	4
5356	Ordered mcnuggets with Hot Mud sauce. Gave me Honey mud sauce... And they flipping want $15 an hr?!?! Can't even get your order right!!!!	2
5357	worst service I've ever had! I was standing there for 15 min for them to make me one drink and there was no one else in there. They were caught up in there own conversation and not helping me!	1
5358	"All of the employee's there are so calm and kind, and are very paitent when you are making your order.....its just amazing"	5
5359	Every morning they provide great service. Glad they are open at 5.	5
5360	"Service has always been friendly. Traffic flow isn't great during a rush. It's a very small store, with homeless hanging out around it quite often. Needs a remodel."	3
5361	"Ice cream never fails, staff found our bag, called the police to help locate us. So kind of them."	5
5362	They seriously have the best nuggets and great choices of Dipping sauce.	5
5363	"Just your average Mac-donalds, the service was good and the place was clean"	4
5364	"Keiosk ordering for fast food is horrible, removes the people element of jobs. Service was very slow with this system, and I will not be a part of this again. It sucks"	1
5365	Always a great place to stop and use the restroom and grab a value fry    	5
5366	Ordered breakfast biscuit with ham and a large coffee got a biscuit with bacon which tasted awful coffee was cold won     	1
5367	Always have a good experience here.  And the food is never jacked up.	5
5368	"Excellent, classic Micky D"	5
5369	Love this McDonald's so far my orders are right and the staff is very polite	5
5370	Great location qnd easy access. Definetly put the fast in fast food.	5
5371	Food was good and the place was very clean. Just need more room in dinning area.	4
5372	Great customer service!! We were very happy.	5
5373	The service is good and fast and the food is regular McDonald           	4
5374	"These employees are sitting at a table with the doors locked and the store closed but its a ""24 hour"" McDonalds and its 12:47 and I'm pretty sure it shouldn't be locked and I should be full"	1
5375	"The customer service was great, and they were quick to be of service and fix any issues with haste. I'll definitely go back."	5
5376	"Limiting 5 happy meals per customers. Ridiculous!!!!! I have 6 childrens. ""SMH"" UNBELIEVABLE!!!!"	1
5377	75% workers speak Spanish only so you can't customize orders because they don't speak English	3
5378	McRon's baby! Consistency is their policy. That's why my kids love this place.	5
5379	Mickey Dees Baby!	4
5380	"You need to love this place.. faster service, hospitable and friendly employees, clean restaurant and good/quality foods.. check them out and visit.."	5
5381	Blonde Maddison lady had the meanest additude i asked for fresh fries and I got soggy old fries	1
5382	"Ordered from the kiosk. Was quick, easy & convenient. Was able to customize my order."	5
5383	"The ordering machine messed up our orders, we wanted a plain cheese burger and a normal one and it didn't show on their screen the plain one while they were cooking it"	3
5384	"This is not a full features McDonald's. Most of the service at this McDonald's comes through the drive through, and there are only a couple of tables inside."	3
5385	Last 4 visit I went to two different McDonald order shank still not working.	3
5386	Slow and gets orders wrong all the time don't bother	1
5387	This location is great.  Has self-order Kiosks and the service is quick and friendly.	5
5388	Kinda bummed they got rid of a lot of their chicken options. No grilled or any salads of any kind.	3
5389	Does not open when it says they are in the morning. Super disappointing every time i come here. Save your time and money and go somewhere else!	1
5390	"I used to come here every day for coffee and an occasional hashbrown.  I did that so much that I was familiar with the staff and would tell them ""see you tomorrow""."	5
5391	"Why is it sooooooo hot inside the restaurant? It's cooler outside!

First McDonald's I've been in with no a/c."	1
5392	"The staff was nice, the restaurant is just a little small, so be aware."	4
5393	Soggy Big Mac. Soggy fries. The drink was the only good thing.	1
5394	Super slow.	3
5395	"Your average McDonald's. They kept it clean, and it's a good area of town. Very quiet."	3
5396	So far no food poisoning. There's a random man who comes at around night time and sometimes tries to talk to you.	3
5397	Smallish restaurant. Fast service. Have kiosks. No play area. Outdoor seating available.	3
5398	"Staff is friendly and helpful. Parking makes you scratch your head, wondering, ""What were they thinking?""."	4
5399	Order was wrong. Took forever to get one item remade.	3
5400	"Not the best customer services but it's McDonald's, the food was good"	4
5401	"I love the staff, but the little Mac lack luster, the buns was dry and the patty was burnt."	4
5402	Waited 10mins at front counter for service no one ever greeted me or attended to me horrible customer service	1
5403	Showed up at 10:31 and wouldn                           t allow me to order bre	1
5404	"Slow, nasty and the burgers look like they were run over with a steam roller."	1
5405	They don't serve breakfast all day. Very disappointing.	3
5406	They're everywhere. Great place to go if you're in a hurry and you don't need any nutrition	5
5407	Fries were reheated. The guy who took order messed it up but staff overall was very nice	3
5408	Friendly customer service and clean environment. Will definitely come back	5
5409	"Slow, sometimes you can get an oatmeal throughout the day but then there are days you can't?"	1
5410	Small parking lot but great customer service	5
5411	"Quick, friendly and got my order correctly"	5
5412	Mc Donald's always does that. Disgusting costumer service.	1
5413	Friendliest McDonald's yet! Very clean ... a great place.	5
5414	Need a drive thru only sign	1
5415	Fast and friendly place.	4
5416	The Best service	5
5417	Everything was perfect and the lady behind the counter was really nice	5
5418	"It's inexpensive fast food, but it tastes reasonably good."	3
5419	"The manager was very rude, every time I try to talk she would cut me off"	1
5420	I love the fish fillet sandwich and fries with    	5
5421	"Small venue,  smaller than usual menu. Had the feeling of a food court version of the restaurant but in a major shopping center."	3
5422	Very friendly employees wait time in drive-thru is substantial on most days	4
5423	Worst McDonald Ever :/ well i guess worst people inside.	1
5424	Waited way to long for ice cream	1
5425	Got two quarter pounders. Both COLD. So they do not make when ordered.	2
5426	I love fish fillet sandwich and fries	5
5427	Just a mac donald. Drive thru was pretty fast when I went there late.	4
5428	Chicken mc griddle were so good	3
5429	Very fast service and friendly staff.	5
5430	"Fast, accurate service. Food was fresh."	4
5431	Umm it's McDonald's...Pretty good one tho :)	4
5432	Spicy BBQ chicken sando - bun was firm - go to chick fila	1
5433	"I go for Friday Fillet O Fish Sandwich and French Fry's Yum, Yum!"	4
5434	"Microwaved breakfast burritos, steamed and stuck to the wrapper.  Not good."	1
5435	Good service and delicious fresh fries	5
5436	Food was fresh and soda was perfect!	5
5437	Tiny mighty McDonald's good customer service	5
5438	"You know it's Mc D's, always get what I expect."	4
5439	Dropped in for some yummy fries on cheat day .. worth it.	4
5440	Quick pit stop.	5
5441	ROACHES!!!!!!! Somebody call the health department! I told the manager and they acted like it was normal.  Disgusting!!!!	1
5442	You get exactly what you expect every time and I like it	4
5443	Really enjoyed how fast the service was.	5
5444	A great place to get a quick snack	5
5445	"Limited parking, homeless folks live nearby outside"	3
5446	Good and fast drive through	5
5447	The food was fresh and hot.	5
5448	Went in for the tea and it was out at the self service counter	1
5449	Received a burger with the bottom Bun full of grease...	1
5450	Great! Fast and friendly people.	5
5451	Usually very crowded and very little space  inside.	4
5452	I like the ice cream and the Big Mac	5
5453	Very cool and High Tech McDonalds	5
5454	3rd time maybe they will get it right	1
5455	"Good, better than the vista location"	4
5456	My go to mcds best location	5
5457	Not many seats for dining in.	4
5458	Good service just small	5
5459	The new chicken deluxe	1
5460	Rude employee and terrible service.	1
5461	Fresh and clean. Fast service.	5
5462	Never again.  Yuck.  Nasty.  Catch my drift?	1
5463	Pretty good fast food	4
5464	You can't go wrong here.	4
5465	The usual rubbery unhealthy mandatory fuel of the day	2
5466	Just like every other McDonald's	4
5467	Really great service in the mornings!!	5
5468	Good food fast service	5
5469	The beef in the hamburger is very small.	1
5470	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE	1
5471	"Your typical McDonald's, nothing to special"	3
5472	Very nice crew.	5
5473	Friendly manager who knows sign language!	5
5474	This place lacks customer service	1
5475	"Nice, good food."	3
5476	Great service with a smile.	5
5477	The food was good.	4
5478	Good selection of food.	4
5479	Great service	5
5480	Great customer service	5
5481	"It's convenient, but EXPENSIVE"	5
5482	ALWAYS GREAT SERVICE	4
5483	Love the fish sandwiches	5
5484	Great customer service	5
5485	Liked the customer service	5
5486	Good and fast service	3
5487	Ok food.	3
5488	Good places on good services	5
5489	Hamburgers and fries and great breakfast	5
5490	Good prices	5
5491	Rude!!!!	1
5492	"Small, but nice."	4
5493	best fast food chain	5
5494	Awful customer service	1
5495	Junk food	1
5496	Not open 24 hours	1
5497	Clean and quick setting	5
5498	It's all about the fries	4
5499	Great service.	5
5500	"It's McDonald's, what more needs to be said?"	5
5501	Next to my house.	5
5502	It's McDonald's wat you expect	5
5503	New balboa location is fire	5
5504	I love it	5
5505	It was ok	4
5506	It's McDonalds.  What do you want?	4
5507	Food was cold	2
5508	Got the order right	5
5509	Convenient fast food	3
5510	Love it	5
5511	Loved it	5
5512	Good!!.	3
5513	It's was ok	4
5514	cool	5
5515	Food is good	5
5516	Fun experience.	5
5517	Newly remodeled!	5
5518	Ooo	4
5519	Good service	5
5520	Ok	3
5521	Good service	5
5522	Breakfast was cold	2
5523	Excellent service	5
5524	great crews	5
5525	Nice place.	5
5526	Good	4
5527	ok as usual	4
5528	Super	5
5529	Excellent.	5
5530	Decent place	4
5531	It's McDonalds!	5
5532	It's McDonald's	3
5533	It's a McDonald's	3
5534	Neutral	3
5535	"The food was fresh and very good, only the attitude of the manager had a bad attitude and a client complained because Hispanic people came and spoke to her in Spanish and an Anglo-Saxon person was upset, she told the manager and they sent her to the back, I did not do that I support this country, languages                   "	5
5536	I was delighted with the service and the food	5
5537	"There are no snacks from Brazil, I wanted a Big Tast so bad       "	4
5538	He surprised me with the new burger that has bacon on it. The truth is delicious!	5
5539	Mmmm the food is good but sometimes they serve you badly	5
5540	Didn't like the quality of the food	2
5541	I like to stop by when I have the opportunity to have breakfast	5
5542	"Outstanding experience, and they speak Spanish."	5
5543	Good customer service and speed	5
5544	Poor 	2
5545	"The same as always,,,, nothing new"	3
5546	Excellent 	5
5547	Good 	4
5548	Excellent 	5
5549	Excellent 	5
5550	Terrible	1
5551	Good 	4
5552	Good 	4
5553	Terrible	1
5554	Excellent 	5
5555	Excellent 	5
5556	Excellent 	5
5557	Excellent 	5
5558	Excellent 	5
5559	Neutral	3
5560	Poor 	2
5561	Good 	4
5562	Good 	4
5563	Excellent 	5
5564	Good 	4
5565	Excellent 	5
5566	Poor 	2
5567	Excellent 	5
5568	Excellent 	5
5569	Excellent 	5
5570	Excellent 	5
5571	Good 	4
5572	Super good	5
5573	Excellent 	5
5574	Excellent 	5
5575	Good 	4
5576	Neutral	3
5577	Good 	4
5578	Good 	4
5579	Excellent 	5
5580	Excellent 	5
5581	Neutral	3
5582	Excellent 	5
5583	Excellent 	5
5584	Terrible	1
5585	Neutral	3
5586	Good 	4
5587	Excellent 	5
5588	Neutral	3
5589	Excellent 	5
5590	Terrible	1
5591	Excellent 	5
5592	Neutral	3
5593	Excellent 	5
5594	Terrible	1
5595	Excellent 	5
5596	Excellent 	5
5597	Excellent 	5
5598	Poor 	2
5599	Excellent 	5
5600	Excellent 	5
5601	Good 	4
5602	Terrible	1
5603	Poor 	2
5604	Good 	4
5605	Poor 	2
5606	Poor 	2
5607	Good 	4
5608	Good 	4
5609	Terrible	1
5610	Excellent 	5
5611	Excellent 	5
5612	Neutral	3
5613	Excellent 	5
5614	Excellent 	5
5615	Poor 	2
5616	Excellent 	5
5617	Excellent 	5
5618	Excellent 	5
5619	Excellent 	5
5620	Excellent 	5
5621	Neutral	3
5622	Poor 	2
5623	Excellent 	5
5624	Good 	4
5625	Excellent 	5
5626	Poor 	2
5627	Excellent 	5
5628	Neutral	3
5629	Poor 	2
5630	Excellent 	5
5631	Good 	4
5632	Excellent 	5
5633	Excellent 	5
5634	Neutral	3
5635	Neutral	3
5636	Excellent 	5
5637	Neutral	3
5638	Good 	4
5639	Excellent 	5
5640	Neutral	3
5641	Neutral	3
5642	Excellent 	5
5643	Good 	4
5644	Excellent 	5
5645	Good 	4
5646	Terrible	1
5647	Poor 	2
5648	Excellent 	5
5649	Poor 	2
5650	Excellent 	5
5651	"The food was greasy and left me feeling sick, and the staff had a terrible attitude."	1
5652	Excellent 	5
5653	Neutral	3
5654	Excellent 	5
5655	Excellent 	5
5656	Excellent 	5
5657	Neutral	3
5658	Excellent 	5
5659	Excellent 	5
5660	Excellent 	5
5661	Neutral	3
5662	Excellent 	5
5663	Excellent 	5
5664	Good 	4
5665	Excellent 	5
5666	Excellent 	5
5667	Good 	4
5668	Good 	4
5669	Good 	4
5670	Good 	4
5671	Good 	4
5672	Neutral	3
5673	Neutral	3
5674	Excellent 	5
5675	Excellent 	5
5676	Neutral	3
5677	Good 	4
5678	Neutral	3
5679	Excellent 	5
5680	Neutral	3
5681	Neutral	3
5682	Excellent 	5
5683	Terrible	1
5684	Good 	4
5685	Excellent 	5
5686	Good 	4
5687	Excellent 	5
5688	Excellent 	5
5689	Good 	4
5690	Excellent 	5
5691	Excellent 	5
5692	Excellent 	5
5693	Good 	4
5694	Terrible	1
5695	Excellent 	5
5696	Terrible	1
5697	Neutral	3
5698	Poor 	2
5699	Excellent 	5
5700	Excellent 	5
5701	Good 	4
5702	Terrible	1
5703	Good 	4
5704	Excellent 	5
5705	Terrible	1
5706	Excellent 	5
5707	Excellent 	5
5708	Excellent 	5
5709	Excellent 	5
5710	Neutral	3
5711	Good 	4
5712	Good 	4
5713	Excellent 	5
5714	Poor 	2
5715	Neutral	3
5716	Neutral	3
5717	Good 	4
5718	Good 	4
5719	Excellent 	5
5720	Good 	4
5721	Excellent 	5
5722	Neutral	3
5723	Good 	4
5724	Excellent 	5
5725	Excellent 	5
5726	Good 	4
5727	Good 	4
5728	Excellent 	5
5729	Good 	4
5730	Excellent 	5
5731	Excellent 	5
5732	Good 	4
5733	Good 	4
5734	Good 	4
5735	Neutral	3
5736	Good 	4
5737	Good 	4
5738	Good 	4
5739	Good 	4
5740	Excellent 	5
5741	Neutral	3
5742	Neutral	3
5743	Excellent 	5
5744	Neutral	3
5745	Good 	4
5746	Neutral	3
5747	Good 	4
5748	Neutral	3
5749	Good 	4
5750	Excellent 	5
5751	Terrible	1
5752	Neutral	3
5753	Poor 	2
5754	Excellent 	5
5755	Good 	4
5756	Excellent 	5
5757	Terrible	1
5758	Good 	4
5759	Excellent 	5
5760	Excellent 	5
5761	Excellent 	5
5762	Excellent 	5
5763	Excellent 	5
5764	Excellent 	5
5765	Excellent 	5
5766	Excellent 	5
5767	Good 	4
5768	Neutral	3
5769	Poor 	2
5770	Neutral	3
5771	Good 	4
5772	Excellent 	5
5773	Excellent 	5
5774	Terrible	1
5775	Excellent 	5
5776	Excellent 	5
5777	Terrible	1
5778	Good 	4
5779	Neutral	3
5780	Good 	4
5781	Excellent 	5
5782	Poor 	2
5783	Excellent 	5
5784	Neutral	3
5785	Good 	4
5786	Good 	4
5787	Good 	4
5788	Excellent 	5
5789	Good 	4
5790	Neutral	3
5791	Excellent 	5
5792	Excellent 	5
5793	Good 	4
5794	Neutral	3
5795	Excellent 	5
5796	Terrible	1
5797	Excellent 	5
5798	Terrible	1
5799	Excellent 	5
5800	Terrible	1
5801	Poor 	2
5802	Good 	4
5803	Excellent 	5
5804	Excellent 	5
5805	Excellent 	5
5806	Excellent 	5
5807	Poor 	2
5808	Terrible	1
5809	Excellent 	5
5810	Excellent 	5
5811	"On March 13, I was at this cafe and I really liked the staff, they were so polite and caring.

I especially liked the friendly guy, the employee at the entrance, he met everyone at the entrance, greeted and opened the door. This guy was so sweet and caring, I just saw such great employees in this fast food chain. He is simply worthy of the award as the most customer-oriented employee. I also really liked the kitchen, everything is cooked very quickly here and what is rare in these restaurants, they make excellent coffee here."	5
5812	"This is my go to McDonald's spot at 262 Canal St. There are seats available to sit downstairs and upstairs. I like the atmosphere and spaciousness. The staff working here are friendly and polite. Today only you can get a free Mc chicken, no purchase necessary. I redeemed my free Mc Chicken, it was fresh and warm when I got mine."	5
5813	"Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional. Except for the young 19 year old woman at the register that got the toy I specifically asked for. She was very kind. The other two, a young man and a lady that seemed like the manager had a nasty attitude and the manager spoke to the helpful cashier very rudely"	2
5814	This is a such a different design of McDonald's. I love it!	5
5815	"Rude staff. Happened a few nights ago. While dining upstairs with my family and a few more guests in another table, the spanish speaking lady staff told us (arrogantly) to leave as they were already closing. She could have informed us in a nicer way. But when we went down, new customers were still coming in."	1
5816	"I came to this McDonald                           s last night April 17th. The night staff is extremely rude, especially this one older lady who spoke Spanish. And by the looks of these other reviews, shows she                           s like this all the time! She yells, makes rude gestures, and was acting extremely bothered to even work there. She disrespected many of her customers including me and my partner twice. Was intolerable to eat there, so we took our food elsewhere. Restroom is only "	1
5817	Very nice and friendly staff I felt welcome. They are very clean and attentive. They have table service. They have the machines that you can order by yourself. They have soda dispenser so free refills. They have 3 floors. They have bathrooms for men and women. The bathroom was nasty and dirty.	4
5818	"Clean place faster service,  well trained staff and you can get the food for to go or stay there.  Even the ordering machines are cleaned frequently. So you get a great service."	5
5819	"To be honest I                           m not a fans of fast food , I really eating when I                           m running out of choice, but I really appreciated than in Mc Donald                           s you have the opportunity to use the bathroom which is very convenient for people like me who spend a lot time on the road , I also believe when I go to a place I have to leave it better than I founded, with that been said I when to this location last night 04-04 -19 at 10:00 pm to use the bathroom , the bathroom is located in the second floor ,some part of the room "	1
5820	"The Dominican lady needs to get fire, Asap not rocky                          "	1
5821	I don                           t expect much from a McDo Alf but this is a particular low. The 2nd floor close	1
5822	This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. They made me show a receipt to just use their disgusting bathroom. They could at least clean it once a month. Also everyone was rude as could be. The customers are paying your bills. Don't go here.	1
5823	"After exploring Chinatown in lower Manhattan, I decided to walk to the only McDonald's in the immediate area, on the south side of Canal Street. It didn't look like much from the outside, but once I entered I walked up to the counter to order one coffee which took a few minutes since the place was somewhat busy and there was a customer in line in front of me.

I got my order and walked upstairs to the first level and sat at a comfortable booth. Within a few minutes a manager came to my table to ask if everything was OK, and I told him ""Yes"", but I was having trouble to connect to the free WiFi. He immediately helped me with this and although the connection was slow, I was pleased that the problem was solved.

Then the manager chatted with me and asked if I would mind doing a survey and I filled out the online survey. Then he said I was entitled to a free burger so I had a Big Mac.

I think this is a very well managed place and will definitely return when I am back in Manhattan in the Chinatown area."	4
5824	The location was great - but the side lobby was packed with kids smoking weed.	5
5825	"Nice quiet spot,on loud cell phones playing music.good McDonald's for the old folks."	5
5826	Very fast and served hot! Very rare in New York to meet quick and nice service from McD	5
5827	"Servers have an unnecessary nasty attitude.
Asked nicely to put ketchup packets in my bag, she threw them on the counter, and proceeded to speak spanish to another employee.
Will never visit this location again!"	1
5828	Staff were extremely rude. Yelling at us to order at the kiosk even though we told them we only had cash.	2
5829	Food was fresh and out quick. Can    	5
5830	"Pretty much a regular McDonald's, has a second floor though. That's cool."	4
5831	Too crowded. Staff need to have a better way of taking care of customers' orders. Took a long time for my order to be prepared. Nice staff though	5
5832	People rely on places like McDonald                           s and other fast food restaurants in NYC for restroom use! For whatever reason the restrooms are closed and the 	1
5833	"Space is small, typical for area. Limited seating on ground level.  Additional seating and Restrooms upstairs"	4
5834	"Just the best McDonald's in Manhattan in my opinion, free refills, A third floor!???! Would come again."	5
5835	It's a McDonald's. The kiosks were working and the service was quick. I didn't go upstairs to check out the dining room.	4
5836	"The food was came out little late, but the clerk gave apple pie for service. I was really satisfied. The icecream cone is little expensive than any other country."	4
5837	I had a big Mac here and it is the only big Mac I've ever had in me life that the meat was hot	5
5838	A really good place to eat. The place is very clean.	4
5839	It was Mc Donalds!. I was hoping that this  Mc Donald packaging would have  Chinese wrapping  since this Mc Donalds is located in Chinatown.	5
5840	"only location that I cannot order on the app from, no idea why"	1
5841	"They have a cleaning person constantly wiping, mopping the door, bathroom, floor and everything else inside. Very impressive"	5
5842	"It's a small McDonald's comparing to other. Very few seating and small seating area. Service and menu is same like other McDonald's, may slight high price. Location is precious, customer moderate at the morning. Customer service good."	3
5843	It's McDonald's it's fast and staff is as friendly as it gets. Just don't be rude and they won't be rude. The staff gives attitude to people who give them attitude first.	5
5844	"I was told that I had to buy something in order for my young child to use the restroom.

Not a problem but please speak to your customers with some level of respect. Not yelling or sounding extremely annoyed."	2
5845	Very busy spot people begging at the door for money and at least they opened the upstairs and the bathrooms again so you can actually sit and eat without stressing where to go after you order. Very clean did exactly what I asked for my order and always friendly. Been going here for a while when I used to work around the corner before the whole COVID-19 changed everything. But it's a place if I'm around that area I'd walk there to eat instead of Checkers   or 99cent pizza depend if your in the mood for it.	3
5846	"The variety of food offered by this restaurant is great! They also value their customers, always making sure that our needs are met and we are happy with the service.. McDonalds - Thanks a lot!"	5
5847	"Long lines , slow service ,  people hanging out at tables with no food justing hanging"	1
5848	This is my childhood McD                          	5
5849	"Stopped for some food and a bathroom break after being on the road for 8 hours. After I got back from the bathroom, it was my girlfriends turn, and they refused to allow her until I began raising my voice. ""It's not closed, I just went!!"" I said ... ""Customers only"" they tried telling me.  so I showed them my unopened food and said give me my money back for this **** then. They let her use the BR. Apparently they play games with the bathroom because there's so many homeless people around. One even asked me for money *inside the mcdonalds* as we were leaving."	1
5850	"On Canal St very busy, so expect a line inside . The kiosk machines help order ahead. Homeless people are around but not inside. They are only trying to get a meal, no problem. Charity is a blessing to those less fortunate."	3
5851	Their rent a cop wouldn                    	1
5852	Everything is chinese here! I'm loving mc-dimSums	5
5853	"Good place just to grab some food and eat outside for a cheap price. Respectfully homeless people come inside to beg often. Not really a family place. If two guys are hanging it is okay. The workers are not really attentive, so check your orders."	3
5854	"Coke is not available, 2 hours before closing the MC Donalds the washrooms are already closed and service is very slow."	1
5855	My best experience with Mango pin smooth was excellent and fast delivery good services	4
5856	I'm glad I enjoy the food.	4
5857	"Unless they've changed their preparation process, our burgers should not be this undercooked. Kiosk ordering is limiting."	1
5858	"I love this place, feeling welcome all the time. The most of times, the staffs serve fast and give out the correct orders.
I ordered 2 times thru the apps and then, they already can call my name when I walking in!"	5
5859	"The supervisor and manager there was very rude to me and my friends this morning, I treated them to coffee there, they treated us as if we were homeless and rushed us out...saying ""there is only a 20 minute wait"". But had no sign in sight stating that, I ted to buy something else but instead Il just pray for them instead we just left I would never spend anything else there at that location."	1
5860	Cofe was so bad... just a hot water	4
5861	"I know it's hard to work in the service industry, but they seem to need education about customers.  Because, looking at his tone and actions, he felt like he was forced to work even though he didn't want to work.  Customers must continue to keep this store open and keep their jobs."	1
5862	"Friendly staff,quick service,nice taste"	5
5863	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE FOOD DRY NUGGETS NOT FRESH FRIES COLD PULLED UP AND WAITED 15 MINUTES FOR FRESH NUGGETS IM STILL IN LINE WAITING	1
5864	"It was a little packed but cleared out quickly the upstairs was not crowded at all very surprised. My gripe is that my server preparing my coffee dropped my lid on the floor and lookroceeded to place it on the coffee and hand it to me. So I kindly but firmly asked, "" Didn't you just dropped that on the floor?"" She gave a look like, ""Oh I did, walked over to the garbage & dumped it. I should hve called the manager but she gave me no problem. Just wondering if she has a habit with other items dropping & giving it to customers  "	2
5865	"The service of a terrible McDonald's is so bad that I can only call her that. I'm not racist, but when I meet this kind of executive manager, I think the executives of this company will come out to manage it and never go again."	1
5866	the attention in this place is horrible.  the serving staff is really rude and unfriendly.  I do not recommend going to this branch of mc donald.  Your experience will be stressful	1
5867	Good prompt service as one would expect from them. Only negative is that the soda fountain is still closed and they still only offer bottled soda which is more expensive and not cold.	4
5868	Manager                            Mauri                	5
5869	I came in at 10:30 on a Sunday and no dam breakfast.really? The only thing I want at 10:30 in the morning on a Sunday is an egg mc muffin. They had no pancakes. I only drink coffee and have breakfast at McDonald's and they didn't have acceptable breakfast products.	2
5870	It depends what time of day you come here. It's cool due to their touch screens but at night the homeless call this home	3
5871	Great experience and great food	5
5872	Employees are very kind and polite	5
5873	"I don't expect much when I visit a McDonald's, but this location certainly is one of the worst I've visited in the city.
The employees are incredibly rude, the failed to get either of my orders correct, and there seems to be a consistent encampment of homeless near the entrance that the staff don't seem to care about."	1
5874	"Had a few McD sundeas and mcflurrys while in NY. Long waits and always busy. But if you need a break, WC, WiFi or an ice cream, it's there. Bigger portion sizes then Europe and lots more expensive too. Mango smoothie very good"	3
5875	Poor quality and mediocre service.	2
5876	This place smells HORRIBLE. I bought french fries with hot tea OMG couldn                           t eat the french fries bec	1
5877	Typical US McDonald's just in china town New York	5
5878	"The manager is very rude, and they don                 "	1
5879	"Lots of homeless, dirty bathroom with long line."	2
5880	Good deal. Today I bought vanilla shake with a deal buy one get one free. So I paid $5 for 2 large shake. At Chinatown still only take out.	4
5881	"Woman staff blocked the bathroom and made us pay her to use the bathroom. When we asked her how much, she said, ""I don't know."" We were disgusted. Don't recommend coming here ever."	1
5882	"Clean & convenient location, with plenty of seating on the upper floors."	5
5883	"This McDonald's just east of Broadway on Canal is a good McDonald's. Are here twice recently and the food was fine. This McDonald's is much better than the McDonald's about half a mile South on Broadway, south of Chambers. That south McDonald's had old, heat dried out food the four times I was there."	4
5884	Speed of service was an opportunity during my stay. Look like the manager was like kicking out an homeless man but he wanted water. I would just give it to him cause it                           s hot out but I guess she was looking ou	3
5885	"I am not happy with how dirty the bathrooms and the place is kept, it is so awful that you should avoid it at all costs.
I give three s because it is very busy for majority of day so staff can be overwhelmed with all the young people causing such reckless messes in disregards to the hardworking staff and employees. However the staff are rarely friendly and difficult to communicate with. I felt that if my order was wrong and I told the man that took my order he would just explode on me.
I felt on edge, uncomfortable, and the place was dirty

I think the staff are overworked and need more employees considering the traffic this place sees."	3
5886	"Hasn't had soda fountain for awhile, pretty fast and friendly. Always busy though, don't expect a seat."	4
5887	McDonald's is McDonald's but they have a good 2 for $6 special.  There is no where to sit and the soda fountains are out of service.  There are always homeless people hanging outside begging for money.  Can get crowded depending on what time you go	3
5888	"Cold burger, without the customize order, served 7 minutes _after_ I've got the melting sundae.
Dirty mess upstairs."	2
5889	"This is a pandemic post .
Love McDonalds I frequent for coffee or light meals on my way home. Recently they announced #CampMcDonalds so every other day I was in McDonalds trying to get the rewards"	5
5890	"What can I say about a restaurant, that sits in New York City & on the busiest day & receive your burger&fries with steam coming off the items, the security guard keep away the strays. Hurray Mcdonald 's Yall fancy with your self serving machines"	3
5891	"I honestly only went for a large French fry and to use the restroom. Very clean, great janitor. Pay her more."	2
5892	"Visited a couple of times while in the area for civil court and the staff behind the counter are usually great, but the security guy in the lobby or the floor manager or whatever blocked me trying to leave with my drink, telling me the sitting area was upstairs when i was literally just trying to leave. When I sat down here this morning a manager ted harassing a customer who was sitting with a cup of coffee, calling him homeless, telling him he had to leave in 10 minutes and causing an argument between the guy and another customer, and just walked away while they yelled at each other. Not very cool   "	3
5893	"Friendly staff, fast service, great place. You can enjoy your meal without any hassle."	5
5894	Would've gave them 5 but too many homeless people are inside	4
5895	Too crowded but they were managing it well....bathrooms were too dirty !!	4
5896	"Stopped in just for an ice coffee. Their ice coffee is solid overall, & an awesome bargain ($1 via app)."	4
5897	"Very poor security at this location. It's impossible to go in without being harassed by people asking for money, and the staff don't even try to ask them to leave."	1
5898	The service is always very good. The food is always served fresh and very hot. It's delicious. I enjoy all the meals in this McDonald's. The Milk Shakes are a dream come true. The staff is very friendly and the establishment is very clean. I highly recommend this McDonald's.	5
5899	"Great family friendly, entertaining teenage students too. But... The toilets are too horribly maintained., Smelly, No mirrors... used Tissue were heaped openly- Very non hygienic. May be the management is too busy & short staffed ?    "	4
5900	Clean and functional with working kiosks. I always advise that the McDonald's App is great for deals and ordering ahead but of course at times the place can be very busy.	5
5901	Always a dependable place to have a quick meal. Food was as good in New York as in L.A.!	5
5902	Woman behind counter very rude.	1
5903	Bad service and their ATM machine is a fraud be aware of that. Has a chip in the card reader slot to scan your card and bank info.	1
5904	It was actually a pleasant visit picking up and placing an order.  The staff behind the counter this morning were very friendly.	5
5905	"The food was fresh and hot. The service was quick and the restaurant was clean.  Maybe it's McDonald's policy, but why do you have to ask for ketchup, salt and pepper? And then there's none of that in the seating area either. I go upstairs, find a seat, take my food out of the bag, and no condiments! To get some, I'd have to pack my food up and go back downstairs for some frickin ketchup! No other fast food place is like that."	2
5906	"It was a fast stop, we ordered using a touch screen, which was very fast and easy, you can pick from their full menu and change from selection real fast. It was an order for two and we had no issues, you can pay using your credit card without any human interaction. chicken nuggets with a couple frappe's sealed the deal for us."	3
5907	I have never been to such a clean place and what I ordered a big Mac this burger was exceptionally delicious I never seen such a well prepared burger since I was a kid the atmosphere was tranquil considering it was rush hour and service was great polite even someone from outside came in asking for money immediately manager came to check it out but the individual was gone by the time manager came upstairs which was very quick	5
5908	Cool place downtown by Canal St	5
5909	Food was typical McDonalds. As far as the location goes it's very busy. It's usually a fight to find a table especially since the 3rd floor isn't always open. The restaurant was pretty clean considering how busy they were but the restroom was horrible. Felt like I needed a shower after using it. If you eat here hold your restroom break for later.	3
5910	Decent but fountain soda broke	3
5911	This place is the absolute pits. I have never experienced such poor management. The space can not hold the patrons. We were definitely at capacity and then some. They                           re three floors and yet my dad and autistic daughter had to eat in the corner like slaves. You see my daughter is very routine so she is use to getting her happy meal and then sitting down to eat. At this location no one is	1
5912	"It's McDonald's. You kinda know what to expect. One thing you should be prepared for if you're not a native of Manhattan, it's very pricy. I guess paying for the N.Y. rent causes the prices to be higher than what we have in Texas. The service was fast and organized, despite being very busy, just don't expect to get your usual meal for your usual price. Happy travels!"	4
5913	Good service but a lot of strange people entering the store. People asking for money in aggressive way and the people in line ordering food looked concerned.	4
5914	Very friendly morning staff	4
5915	A different mcds in chinatown.	5
5916	So just to clarify I did not actually eat here BUT I am from the south and a huge fan of sweet tea! Also everywhere you go around here water bottles are around $3. We went to this McDonalds in hopes of finding sweet tea in NYC and we were successful! You have to get it from behind the counter but it was good and only $1 for a large just like back home. Cheapest drink I had our whole trip!	5
5917	"Pretty good space employees are nice and courteous. Bathrooms are quite clean and all in all, this place is seated/ built well. Chairs are nice and comfortable. Overall, I recommend this place to others"	5
5918	I entered to the restaurant and immediately a black guy with black clothes told me with a rude attitude that I need to buy something. I tell him that's ok then I t watching the Menu and 3 minutes later the same guy with a rude attitude again and raising his voice told me that if I do not buy anything right away I need to leave the building. By far the worst experience in a fast food at my Life.	1
5919	"The food & service is excellent & if you are taking the food out it's great. However if you plan to stay & eat inside, there are many homeless people inside & the odors from the bathrooms dies not make it pleasant. Must clean up the odors inside if they want me back"	2
5920	Service sucks!!!! Customer service needs to definitely improve with the workers. Tables dirty I asked a worker to wipe the table off so my family and I could eat he told me No. Therefore I went and got napkins to clean the table while he stood around. First and last visit not to mention I'm a visitor from another state.	1
5921	No compliant  friendly customer service  and food was given in a timely  fashion	4
5922	Disgusting and unclean. Do not visit.	1
5923	"Is nice place they kipper clean up all the time, good service"	4
5924	If you're rushing to get an early cup of coffee I don't suggest you stop here it's a little while wait for just one coffee	3
5925	"I love these lashes! My lashes are very short and very straight. The light glam lashes give a full look and gives me so much volume. People always ask me if my lashes are real and I tell them yeap, I use castor oil and drink a lot of water lol!!"	5
5926	Typical New York city McDonald's experience. Staff is very welcoming and everyone has a hairnet on today wow even the managers.	3
5927	Beware they are not 24 hours. I've stopped here several time in the early am hours and the door was locked. The workers were inside and wouldn't even come to the door. They yelled 6 oclock. So much for 24 hours. When it is open it surrounded by homeless people inside and out. They might as well turn it into a homeless shelter.	1
5928	"         Happy      Thanksgiving 2019.         

This McDonald   s located at 262 Canal Street, in Chinatown, New York City have been here for ages.

All McDonald   s are created equal in terms of cleanliness, so it is no surprise that it is very clean, neat, tidy and spotlessly clean.

It is a huge McDonald   s because it has 3tories, but on the second and third floor, there is a limited number of chairs.  Poor design left it with about 40 to 50 seats on the 2 top floors.

The staff is very professional, friendly and polite with a smile, and there are staff who are bilingual {English and Chinese) (English and Spanish).

Enjoy  Mickey D   s  and

A Happy Thanksgiving."	4
5929	"Update: it's so frustrating to eat here! There is a virtual army of panhandlers from the nice guy who opens the door for you to the more aggressive ones that approach you as you order, or eat your food. In addition, the place is still disorganized and dirty.  That's McDonald's in New York.  Management at this location is pretty lame."	2
5930	"I ordered a 6 piece chicken nuggets and when I get to my room I open the box to only find 4. They rip you off, check before you leave! Also, employees may follow you outside while saying insults towards you even if you patiently wait."	1
5931	The service was quick..courteous and easy...they also have a self order kiosk which makes ordering quick and simple...by the time you get to the casheier ur order is filled...  The is a ATM machine and bathrooms upstairs. .a nice place with plenty of table space on the second floor...enjoy!!!!	5
5932	"The restaurant is kept clean and service is fast. It's like the usual McDonald's you'd expect, but better. However, the food there is slightly priced higher than usual prices at different McDonald's. Overall, I'd recommend."	4
5933	"The cashier successfully scammed my change. Well, I guess she needed the money. It is not about the meager change, but the idea that they would scam a paying customer. I will never come back here ever again, worst experience ever!"	1
5934	Awful place to visit in ugly new York City waste of time	1
5935	"Wonderful view over Broadway/ Central Park. Service is very good. You take a tablenumber, place your order yourself and no matter which floor you sit and wait for your order to be brought to you, they'll find you. Amazing."	4
5936	They was so unpleasant at pickup	1
5937	Good place for a quick bite. Their menu has gotten better. They will add new items to their menu every few months which is very nice of them to keep attracting customers.	4
5938	"This, location/different, 20 years ago, this place, was once, tourist, haunted, land, N, R, NO.6, subway exit, CANAL street, people flow, and popularity, prosperity, McDonald's It is also one, young, male and female, especially many, brought, youth, breath, order, this place, a lot of color, that year, my favorite is happy meal, there are many fathers, bring children here, enjoy ."	5
5939	"At 3AM it is like an oasis in the desert!! We originally went in to use the bathroom but ended up getting soft drinks, felt guilty using their facilities without buying anything.... filthy bathrooms but very courteous staff and interesting clientele!! As with all McD's, NO PAPER TOWELS in restrooms... BUT for what it is (McD's), it is 5 ."	5
5940	"Surrounding is not clean, tables have trash on them left by customers. Needs someone on the upper level to clean up tables. There were no napkins or ketchup upstairs for customers to use. Burgers being served without lettuce and tomato you now have to purchase this and when you do its very tiny pieces. The burger meals are over priced. Service was on acceptable. We have to be sitting in a dirty, untidy and unattractive area. Worst of all why is there a sign in the restaurant telling customers you only have 30mins to eat and leave, like really. That sign needs to be removed. Not returning to this restaurant. Fix up and clean up the place."	3
5941	"Stopped here to get a quick bite, the place looks very dirty. Homeless people in the entrance and inside. The 2nd floor smelled like piss. Just go here if you want to go to the bathroom or are really really hungry!"	2
5942	A great place to socialize with my friends	5
5943	this location has 3 floors but usually only 2 are accessible to customers. wouldn't recommend eating here and strongly suggest taking your order to go as the crowds of tourists and locals make it hard to find a seat.	2
5944	This is the best dang McDonald's in NEW YORK CITY. It has bathrooms with stalls that are very clean. It smells of Big Macs and hope. What a wonderful discovery during my visit to Chinatown. God bless Ronald Mcdonald.	5
5945	"It was absolutely amazing!!! I went around closing time and it was no waiting time to be seated and my server Ty , was amazing!!!!! I had a great time and the drinks do it for me every time!!!! Hands own one of my favorite places to eat and drink!!"	4
5946	"While the map said that this place is open 24 hours, we came to find the doors locked with a bunch of people casually hanging out/eating/drinking inside at 1am. The staff told us they're closed, even though they were not supposed to be."	1
5947	The automated machine didn't print us a receipt so I told one of the employees who was nice enough to look up the number.  The problem was I had no reference to chek the order.  I spent almost 50 dollars for 3 kids and 2 adults.  I walked 5 blocks to get that food bbn order and when I got back to our job I discovered we were missing chicken nuggets and all the dipping sauces.  I ordered 6 sauces and we got none.  It really pisses me off because they always leave stuff out when we order large orders.  It's like they can only handle it if u have a simple meal.  It's so frustrating and plus it's like throwing 10.oo out the window..  you really need to be better about training your workers.	2
5948	"This review is on their bathroom and small fries for obvious reasons.
So glad this place is 24hours.... I needed to use their bathroom so badly at ~10pm. I ordered a small fries and ran upstairs....there was toilet paper, which is a huuuge plus-- but their mirror...I think someone stole it or something. There is just hand soap on the wall and where the mirror should be, were just screw holes...? LOL WELP"	4
5949	"The location is alway clean despite always being busy.  My food always comes out hot (huge plus for me).  I ordered the fillet-o fish sandwich, and a small dr.pepper.
I live near a McDonald's in Brooklyn, but the food quality sucks.  So despite living closer to the Brooklyn location, I would rather get my food from this location and travel home to eat it. Lol"	5
5950	From a disabled stand point this would not be an ideal dining experience.  There isn't any designated areas for wheelchair customers. Staff are not equipped to handle a wheelchair customers. The one area where someone with a wheelchair chair could sit is next to the entrance the bathroom and the order kiscos and quite popular waiting area set up for customers waiting for their order.	1
5951	It's ok but so crowded by the cashier because it's small!	3
5952	"On May 6,2018 , I ordered my coffee by using online app at 6:30 am . I went to this location to pick up my order at 6:45 am , and then one employee at cashier who did not want to give me my order , because he didn                           t see it on screen . I showed him see my online receipt include the number of order that I paid it by using my bank account . I asked him to help me to check on the system for make sure , but he did not want to help me . After waited for 5 mins, it showed off on the screen."	1
5953	"I am not that pleased with, McD. The ice cream is nice. What I don't like about a lot fast food places; is that the ongoing clean up process is sometimes flat out disgusting. Who wants the crumbs from the table next to you; in your food, or getting dirty mop water inside your shoes, because they are mopping under the same table your trying to finish your meal?"	2
5954	"The service is slow.. 60/40 if the food taste good. And anything more then the 1,2,3 dollar menu the taste aint worth the price.. I think being extremely slow is a all McDonald's requirement tho."	2
5955	It's a McDonald as you would expect. Great if you want a quick bite but if you want a good meal go somewhere else. This location was just fine. Service was great and the food arrived fast.	5
5956	"Busy and crowded, took the chill from our bones      "	3
5957	Holy. The prices at this McDonald                           s is crazy astronomical compared to others. The promotional Saweetie Meal is priced at $13.89 here!! Even in hotspots like Macy                    	3
5958	"No tissues what so ever, not clean...lot of tourists from chinatown tour travel. It is simply shame on McDonalds to do these 3rd class services...confused and disconnected staff. Felt like there was only one person working who looked like a team leader...all employees making team leader work..pity on him."	2
5959	"I've worked in the neighborhood for decades and this was always a decent go to place for a late night snack.

A couple of years ago they modified the interior- they removed a lot of seats on the main floor in order to install electronic order kiosks.  There are now only a handful of places to sit in a ridiculously cramped manner.  Late at night they close the upstairs- leaving pretty much nowhere decent to sit and eat.  Tonight I saw two people eating over the garbage cans and one eating by the soda dispenser.

The kiosks are annoying.  They ask if you want to take out or eat there.  If you select ""Eat In"", before you can pay for your order you're asked to get a table marker and enter the marker number.  Thing is there are absolutely no table markers- you cannot complete your order without one- unless you t over and select ""take out"".

During the day perhaps eating in makes sense- but late at night it's really only for take out."	2
5960	My kids like eat Macdonald	4
5961	"THERE'S NO CODE FOR THE BATHROOM! Just walk up to the second floor.

Horrible customer service, rudest people ever."	1
5962	"They renovated their store and it's very nice and modern. They staff is pretty much like all the other fast food chain out there (high school kids working part time), so nothing out of the ordinary. They have free wifi, so you can definitely take advantage of the service and surf the web while enjoying a sweet tea or something. They have the basic dollar menu - sweet tea, apple pies, apple dippers, cone and some other things, but too bad they don't have the chicken sandwich or McDouble for a dollar. The seating area can get packed sometimes and they don't always open the third floor to the public, although it really doesn't fit that many people, but sometimes you would have to wait a while for someone to finish before you can get a table and seat."	3
5963	It's hard to give them any s because we didnt get to eat there. For what is advertised as open 24 hrs they were closed all 3 x I tried to go there this weekend.  Very dissatisfied	1
5964	"It's much cleaner now than it used to be. They also have touchscreen monitors you can order from now, which is convenient. I found things that I never knew was on the menu!"	4
5965	"This place is more of a homeless shelter than a fast food restaurant. There is an upstairs seating area, which apparently only opens when the employees deem necessary. There is literally nowhere to sit here. Take- out only."	2
5966	"The burger my husband had was fine however, my chicken sandwich was disgusting. It tasted old and hard. The fries and sweet tea were the same as any other McDonalds, obviously fresh because it sees extremely heavy traffic. The ordering kiosks are super convient but you can't customize -- as in you can't take onions or tomatoes off of your sandwich, and of course no cash payments are accepted unless you go to the actual counter. Seating is not well arranged but being 3tories tall it can fit about 100 people. I wouldn't go back..."	3
5967	I have to admit to be so late and night and cheating on my never ending diet the McDonald's was clean friendly fresh fries and so welcoming. Now I cant say this for all McDonald's but I had to share it was a very pleasant experience.	5
5968	Its hit or miss here. Sometimes its fast sometimes it takes forever to get your food. The one thing I must say is unlike other mcdonalds they always get your order right so that is definitely a plus. It is a little more expensive too because it's in Manhattan/Chinatown. If you go to the bronx or brooklyn it cost you less.	3
5969	"Today, one of my items was forgotten, but I will check in tomorrow about it for a replacement. Otherwise, pleasant staff and quick service."	4
5970	"Have a couple kiosks in the front _ easy and nice to use. Lots of customizable things to the order. Make sure you scroll to the bottom and check out the deals and promotions. Order was prepared pretty quickly and correct. No big complaints, about as good an experience that McDonalds can be.

Pro tip: on the kiosk when you are checking out and it asks for your ""location code""... Just click 'cancel'. It's an error in the system."	4
5971	I was forced to buy something just because I had to use the restroom. SMH I understand that some business do that but really . No thank you plus manager was rushing everyone.	1
5972	Not sure about the quality of the food I think I prefer diners more.	3
5973	I like the new upgrades to this store. Food comes out quick. I just hate all the homeless people and the random drunk fight (also homeless) that happen here. I got knocked around for no reason once.	5
5974	Need better English speakers.	3
5975	This garbage for 3.91 imagine	1
5976	"The worst McDonalds ever in the world.Having already spended 12 dollars in coffees i was waiting for a friend for food.The manager insulted me and told me to go outside because i wasnt consuming .My friend came at that time so he made us the favour to let us eat there.
We spended 50 more dollars and after 1 hour he told us to go out again because you can eat only 30 minutes.The whole time the shop was half empty....At the next table a guy was eating duck from home having only a coka cola and no one told him anything.....DONT GO THERE"	1
5977	"Great coffee on a weekday.

Coffee on a Saturdays, not so much."	4
5978	"It's clean...but they don't have fountain drinks, only bottles which is a ripoff. I don't like this one."	1
5979	"Never gave me the drinks I ordered. Gave me the wrong ones and never bothered to rectify my complaint. Very disorganized. The woman who I complained to was very bad mannered, didn't have good customer service skills."	1
5980	Clean and nice not same as old ones seats are availabilities and kids can play at other place high seats too looking good comfortable with waiting in line	5
5981	"I asked for an egg white delight but they were ""out"" so I got an egg McMuffin and a sweet tea. The egg was underdone and still runny. The tea was not sweet it just had sugar added to unsweetened tea."	3
5982	"when I was here it was during a rainstorm and the inside was very wet and dirty. It was also very crowded, as a lot of tourists and other people come here to try to use the bathroom for free. It was impossible to find a place to sit to eat my snack."	1
5983	Good place to find bathrooms	5
5984	"They didn't give condiments with the meal and when asked, they were very skimpy. They were pretty fast with the meal prep!"	3
5985	Very nice and clean place and very fast service	5
5986	"Went here and got a coffee and used the bathroom.  Not really an ideal place to but in Chinatown there's not many options.  Coffee was good, but restaurant isn't the cleanest."	3
5987	I gave this a one  just because it doesnt have zero  not sure how this place have a 3  i will never step in there again the most nasty place ever first time going to china town and had to really used the br but also wanted food thank god i used the rest room first that place looked like hasn't been cleaned in years i bet rats leaves there after that i cant picture how their food is not sure how this is still open. People before you order dnt look at the Br yall will regret eating	1
5988	"Got an ATM with $1.19 fee, cheapest one i could find so far"	5
5989	Visit mcds in China Town thinking it was going to have different menu items but that wasn't the case	5
5990	Extremely busy establishment. Seating was a problem.	5
5991	"I understand that it's just fast food but I eat fast food frequently .  Just lack the budget to indulge in sushi and other fine fare lol
I'm also not a sushi person. I love as six mc Donald's for their cheap juicy burger, fast orders and cheap shakes, or if I'm feeling like I want something lighter ony stomach and it's late, a grilled chicken salad, side asald or parfait is great. Excellent for my son, who asks for the yogurt in his kids meal. The mozzarella sticks is also a perfect edition. Their coffee exceeds bk and I loved this location wen visiting last month. Quick easy and clean with upstairs seating. The workers for friendly and helped me when they forgot a drink."	4
5992	"Place used to be great. Now they have beggars & the homeless have taken over almost the entire 2nd floor. Place smells horrid. The employees are rude, food takes so long."	1
5993	"Service is good, never had a problem while ordering, even if I took long and was undecided the cashier had no issue and was very helpful and respectful"	5
5994	"Very crowded location, with a lot of tourist traffic. There's a lot of seating upstairs , and amenities like wireless chargers. But a more expensive location, and way too crowded."	3
5995	Very bad service even when it's slow. The machines never work.	1
5996	Food is not as great as it used to. Fries too bland. Burgers taste dry. Only giving it 2 because of their happy meal toys.	2
5997	System always seems to be down frequently. Only accepts cash when their wifi is out.	2
5998	"Do not eat from here...if you do shame on you...but take it home...dont even eat inside this mcdonald
Ive never seen a mcdonald homelesa shelter that's right i said it..how can you eat if there's homeless people camping out upstairs in the dining area like its their home ? And btw it reeks of piss upstairs too..."	1
5999	"It's a sad state of affairs when you buy an ice cream sundae to get access to the McDonalds bathroom and not only is the sundae prepared wrong (the hot fudge isn't supposed to just get dumped on top of the ice cream; that's gotta be, like, day 1 of McDonalds training...), but the bathroom clearly hasn't been cleaned in weeks."	1
6000	"Very busy McDonald's next to Chinatown, lots of Asian staff for those who are not fluent in English, seating is always full but security actively enforce the no loitering rule."	4
6001	Great place even for a McDonald's and the staff are kind and always willing to help. No problem getting your food changed and the lines are never too long.	4
6002	"Typical MCD, not real clean but acceptable, average service, limited seating at ground level, more seating upstairs."	3
6003	"Small, crowded with inefficient system with limited seating. Messed up a simple order. Had to wait to get napkins and ketchup since it's at front counter only."	2
6004	Manager saw me waiting a little longer than usual and went back to the kitchen to see what was wrong and got back with my order. Very thoughtful!	4
6005	This place is great and I would want everyone to go the place looks nice the people are great and the food is cheap great for big families so I hope you enjoy everything there	5
6006	All Employee not polite and they not speaking English so rude to costumer. Manager and gm are not help for costumer	1
6007	"Popped in for a drink to pass some time between appointments and charge my phone. Nothing works and homeless people were skattered everywhere, eating ketchup packets. Pass."	1
6008	"Sometimes a little difficult to place the order however the staff are very friendly and the managers are always trying to get orders completed fast.

The food was always good and great coffee."	4
6009	"Fast friendly service, but no dine-in and no bathroom even if you're pregnant."	4
6010	Canal Street McDonalds is a must to avoid!  Homeless people are here at all hours harassing paying customers and aggressively bumming people for change.  The Bathrooms smell like the last rose of summer.  Have your next breakfast/lunch anywhere but here folks!!	1
6011	"Says it                           s 24hrs, but showed up at 5:50am and they were "	1
6012	Unpleasant McDonald's environment does not look well kept.	3
6013	"An over-busy nightmare. Washrooms are likely cleaned often, but can't keep up with the hordes of people ransacking them."	3
6014	Great fantastic	5
6015	Everything so good!!!!! Thank you      	5
6016	If it's busy you will wait ages. Poor food at high prices. Plenty of better places to eat nearby	2
6017	"It was incredibly cramped in the ordering area, but the service was excellent and food was hot and french fries had just right amount salt"	3
6018	The usual stuff   	3
6019	THE STAFF AT THIS LOCATION ARE ACTIVE AND VERY ENGAGING. THEY ARE PEOPLE PERSON AND HAVE STRONG ATTENTION TOWARD THEIR CUSTOMERS. THE INTERIOR OF THE RESTURANT IS VERY CLEAN.	4
6020	"Service was good, bathroom is clean. One think I didnt like is garbage bags outside on the sidewalk."	5
6021	It's just convenient and cheap if you on the run	2
6022	"Where's the beef , was on my break and didn't know what  to get so I got a big Mac I crave about once a year so surprised to see how small the party is now for a moment I thought there was no meat it so small that the lettuce was hidding it and it just didnt have that big Mac tast."	1
6023	LOL this Macky Ds is a fun one to go when you want to hit up Chinatown and all its glory!  I think I ate there only once and it was like any other Mc Ds but alot more people and alot more drama...a sight to be seen!	4
6024	"Small size, fairly clean and seating upstairs but not very wheelchair accessible seating."	4
6025	"Atlantic Terminal. Busy place because another Mc Donald's is being renovated.  I used app to order so no wait.  Because so busy, a little dirtier than normal."	4
6026	They didn                         	1
6027	"MacDonald's restaurant is pretty much the same as in the UK, good service I recommend to invest in my country South East Africa, ANGOLA we luck one of those, I'm willing to be the partnership."	3
6028	"The food was so delicious, better than other McDonald's.  Also love that location and the ambience."	5
6029	I love the burger that freshly made. I like the place. Nice facilities and clean. Fast services. Friendly staff. Good job.	5
6030	Best place ever got good food and my grandpa still love it since a long time ago	5
6031	No seats in any of the floors. Too many people sleeping over the tables. I just wanted to eat in peace.	2
6032	atendant was very nasty to me all because i asked her if they had ice i though there machine was broken.because dhe was asking another customer was the soda cold enuff.so i asked if they had ice and she replied very nasty.	2
6033	Visit was o.k.. The first time they didn't have what I wanted which was a Crispy Chicken Snack Wrap. Their Quarter Pounders wasn't as good and I ended up throwing away some of it.	3
6034	The service was really friendly and fast. By the time i got the change my order was ready!	5
6035	It was a bit crowded but the service was fast and friendly. My only downside was there was no handicap access to the upper floors.	4
6036	There is sufficient seating on three floors. Restrooms could be cleaner.and so could the rest of the premises.	3
6037	"Everything is real good u gonna like it employees,food,place excellent."	5
6038	Usually very pleased with the experience.	4
6039	I liked the service but upstairs was dirty. Staff should keep tables clean.	3
6040	"Food order took over 20 mins. Nuggets were dried out and old. To top it all all, no sauce or ketchup given. They did refill my drink because I waited so long."	2
6041	im in love with mc donalds<3 i go there all the time. and im pretty sure everyone loves it . my favorite thing to order is the mc flurry! and the nuggets and chiken slects. the kids always get happy with the happy meals.	5
6042	Went here and got a quarter pounder and it was red in the middle said not to be a pain but can i get another burger get the other burger and the guy threw it in the grease trap  to cook it  horrible  i couldnt eat it   will not be going here again	1
6043	"I get my order very fast, but one time, they didn't put french fries in my order when I ordered them"	3
6044	"Extremely slow due to the lack of staff, expensive compare to those around the city! Don't recommend."	2
6045	Excellent location. This place is not very clean because it's too crowdy.	4
6046	"so I called them up and was going to order when all of a sudden I hear ""SHUT UP!"" into the phone several times. Then I tried calling them up again to tell them what had happened, and they hung up not even caring."	1
6047	Tasty Food. Recieves Food very fast. Nice Service and Kept Neat. Two Floors to sit and Eat. Mostly Crowded.	5
6048	"They are very friendly, friendlier than any other branches out here in New York."	4
6049	My entire order was wrong and it took forever for them to fill the order in the first place. But I complained and the owner gave me a lot of coupons.	3
6050	As good as they come for a McDonalds. Plenty of seats. Friendly workers. Unlocked bathrooms. Clean establishment.	5
6051	"I came in to place an order for a number 2 meal tonight, and the cashier spoke very rude to me; called me ""papi"". I was really offended by her tone. Frankly, I will never dine at this establishment."	1
6052	This place is awful. All workers had a attitude and the food made my 5 year old cousin throw up 5 times and my friends & I stomach her & caused both of to have diarrhea	1
6053	I went late at night and they were out of a few things. Nothing I was trying to order though--quick and efficient. Be wary that NYC doesn't have deals on the McDonald's app like other cities do.	4
6054	Good food (most of the time) but do not like the anti-homeless people atmosphere. Not appetizing.	3
6055	Delicious fast food!	5
6056	Needs more security. Fight almost broke out between a homeless man and a patron.	2
6057	Not cleanest	4
6058	Good & fast service... Busy but you won't have to wait long...	4
6059	AShun sign gone bring my money right ther they work hard!	5
6060	Insanely rude and terrible customer service	1
6061	One of the cashiers were nice because there was no line ordering food was like chatting.	4
6062	"Workers especially on young man order taker /cashiet eas excellent.  Too bad I didn""ask his name."	5
6063	It had good service and multiple floors so there wasn't much crowding.	5
6064	"Obviously food is the same everywhere, however this restaurant has a loitering problem from some of the local homeless. The toilets in this one was also quite dirty."	2
6065	"It's a disgusting place, those bathrooms were overflowing... they dont take care of the place. Dont even want to guess what's going on in the kitchen!"	1
6066	Fast service and ok food but no where to sit due to bums laying in the booths upstairs. Maybe get some employees to check up there occasionally.	4
6067	Always super pack! Not worth the wait if you do come here. They also had my breakfast mc muffin burnt! I don't know what else I can say...	2
6068	Great place for kids. You know what you're getting. Very easy to find with the sign from the street	5
6069	Poor service very bad place	1
6070	on a messy knockoff block	4
6071	"Expensive, crowded and slow service. The worst combo for a FAST food place"	2
6072	Just happy to find a place to get something quick to eat.	4
6073	Food was fast fresh and hot. Place was clean with rapid service	4
6074	I will recommend this gym to everybody	5
6075	"Always incomplete order, when u order cream and equal with your order, they never give, and when u ask for it, they just ignore you"	1
6076	"This place is ok, nice and quiet"	5
6077	Great location but don't expect a friendly customer service	3
6078	It's McDonald's there not allot that you can review the food was good and the options were great.	3
6079	Extremely rude staff but don't think much of it the people seem to be totally exploited by their horrible Hong Kong boss. Pity!	1
6080	"It's a McDonalds, you get what you expect from here every time. As a place for very fast, cheap, and consistent food it's good,"	4
6081	Two s are given to the                             Carla                            who made our visit experience acceptable due to her helpful behaviour and lovely personality. Food was good but the place is not recommended for anybody especially tourists because it is alway	2
6082	"This location always has a crowd so I gave 4, however they are extremely fast in service. So if you're running late into the office this is the place to stop."	4
6083	"For a mcdonalds in an extremely busy area,  I think the staff were doing a great job keeping everything moving.  The area was clean enough (and I am particular about that), the kiosks were in working order besides one but it didn't hold up the orders at all.  Food deals were clearly marked,  the ordering system wasn't correct as you usually grab a tent and go to a table but one of the staff saw us wondering about it and told us to just put a number in... so they were clearly attentive to what was going on around them.  Food came out quickly.  Same cost for food as any other mcdonalds anywhere.  Great, quick,  cheap food for a late evening."	4
6084	"One of the ladies was very rude to three other customers. I get it, I                           ve worked those types of jobs and I understand it                           s not easy to be in a good mood dealing with so many customers all day, often the same problem many times, and I get people have mood swings, but this was more than just rude, it was confrontational. Not gonna give one  because she was"	2
6085	"I don't know if I could give a t less than 1

The security of this establishment is a rude , non friendly , and a cruel person.

I felt completely unsafe with this person around me, he heckled me and acted as if seats were reserved in this establishment, he was singing and tapping his foot like a mad man.

It is safe to avoid this restaurant if you don't want to suffer a racist encounter. Deeply disappointed that an establishment like McDonalds would hire people like this guy"	1
6086	"I am a college student who likes to study or review in a noisy area, but yesterday, I was just about to do the same thing on this place when I decided to finish eating first before doing all my homework ---but I received a a long distance call_it was from my long lost cousin. We ended up talking and catching__till my battery ran out. As I was ting to get ready with my homework, one of the staffs told me that I have been there for more than 5 hours __I was like, ""really?. "" He said yes, and I was supposed to stay 30 minutes only, but I was been there for more than 5 hours.

Now, I didn't exactly notice what time I came in but when I look on the time it was around 6pm or so. I asked the security guard if I can stay to do my homework, he said ""I'm sorry"".

I understand they were just doing their job. So, I left. When I was outside, I was, ""hey, I could have bought another food and stay!"" Anyways, I just left"	3
6087	"Apparently people are not permitted to go to the washroom,  clean up, and reset prior to ordering.   I like my food hot and don't agree with this store policy.  The manager wouldn't acknowledge me beyond a smirk.  I asked for permission,  she said nothing but a worker from behind the counter restated the policy.  A quarter-mile away, my preferred sequence worked golden.  Literally,  a STUPID policy implemented by that store and manager."	1
6088	Security was nice and open the door for my sister and I to enter. I got on the line to make a purchase and my sister went to use the bathroom. She informed me of a worker or manager sitting down harassing her for a receipt just to use the bathroom. All the workers are hard at work and this lady is sitting down asking for a receipt. If there                           s a customer only restroom why not	1
6089	"One of the dirtiest, worst McDonalds in the city. Absolutely abysmal wait times, overworked/understaffed workers, HORRIBLE manager. This particular manager (I think she                           s Ecuadorian) needs to be replaced or fired as she is rude , doesn   "	1
6090	"My girlfriend and her friends visited this establishment on 04/16/23 at around 12:50AM. An African American worker in a grey shirt (Male) with braided hair was incredibly racist to her and her friends, using an Asian accent when talking to them. He was originally on the side and took over the register from one of his coworkers on purpose with the intent of being completely racist to them. He spoke with an Asian accent ridiculing their race and telling them he can serve them for an extra $5.00. While this was happening, all of the other employees laughed and egged him on. My girlfriend and her friends felt very unsafe, especially late at night. We will try filing a police report today with the local precinct and hope this employee faces consequences."	1
6091	"Take out as ordered, good service across shifts, floors mopped , people working respectively to each other. Good for busy place."	5
6092	"Most of the ordering machines were broken. There was only one cashier, so the line moved incredibly slow. They refused to refill my ice tea, even though the other drinks were refillable through the machine. Prices were expensive."	1
6093	"Dirty table, but there are empty seats to eat in. The atmosphere is not bad for McDonald's. Their app doesn't have good deals anymore."	4
6094	"Fast and friendly service but absolutely filthy. No clean tables or chairs in the open areas. Bags, food and everything else under the sun on the floors. Floors sticky. Food in bathroom sinks. Only here because it         "	2
6095	"This McDonalds is very difficult to have under controll. It is always crowded with tourists. The staff is still calm and friendly. I used Discovery, which they do not accept and the cashier moved to the next machine to deal with the next person while waiting for me. I apprechiate them being focused a lot. Thank you."	5
6096	"We went there during NYE, just prior to the ball drop. The surprising thing was there was homeless folks inside the store walking and smoking next to us when we were preparing to eat. The homeless guy was even asking for food to someone next to us. It felt very much like a 3rd world country's experience. The tables were dirty as well - maybe they need to hire more people for cleaning in between customers. The French fries were cold as well, as if they were probably heated long time ago. Also, the store associates should provide a tray for customers who are going to be sitting/eating inside the store instead of paper packets for takeouts."	1
6097	Cheap and fast order! Tasty drink!	4
6098	"Horrible customer service. Especially the managment, treat everyone as if they                           re lower than them no consideration whatsoever. I                           ve been waiting 10 mi"	1
6099	"Nice place bery busy but the crew handle great, also the food is on point few mcs have this, i could eat again there"	4
6100	"Horrible! People around food coughing! I got a refund, asap! I                           m not getting sick for no one! How you giving out the food in the front coughing without covering your mouth? Cough just spreading. You can not make this up! Make it make sense! What sad is that people need to do better. If this was my business it is no way I would want anyone in my establishments like this. What                           s the point of having a mask on if it is on your chin. Than you have the other woman, she had her mask on but she kept coughing every other minute. Sounding like she coughing up a lung. All I wa"	1
6101	"The worst experience of McDonald                           s. Very rude security and a LOT of homeless people. I was worried about myself and my family, because I didn             "	1
6102	"Employees have a disgustingly rude attitude, literally EVERY TIME..and I haven't been there often. It was purely out of convience ie. on my way to my job and I need to eat or grab a terrible cup of coffee. Basically desperation smh on my part. So I'll digress they're all rude, they make mistakes and then they basically have an ""oh well, not my problem attitude, very stingy with sugar/sweetener, they also serve  cold food or buns without the beef smh                       "	1
6103	"Lot's of people who are obviously under the influence of something are there; being loud, obnoxious, the bathroom was filthy amongst other things (such as people openly selling contraband or I should say ""illegal"" items). Not a particularly family safe enviroment."	3
6104	Staff is nice and helpful but it was not the cleanest branch I visited	3
6105	"Quick, clean and organized. The only downside, a lot of people... I was sitting near some rather rude people but I can't really blame the restaurant for that. Just a negative."	4
6106	"They have this broken system where if you select to eat there instead of to go, they ask for a table number that's nowhere to be found. You waste minutes trying to figure it out, if you ever do. I gave up and just made up a number from 1 to 120."	3
6107	This location has a young crowd on the weekend.  They play good music while you drink frappe and have a big mac.	4
6108	Got the Mcrib it was incredible and absolutely delicious	5
6109	Very rude security. I came to buy a coffee and use a restroom. I prefer to use a restroom first. They yelled at me and put a flash lighter directly in my face that I have to buy coffee first. But i don                           t prefer to go to the restroom with coffee or leave it on the table and expecting that someone spit in it             	1
6110	The employees are quick to help you. They keep the place clean. They help the indigent. They make sure the orders are correct for the correct person.	5
6111	McDonald                           s was clean! And staff friendly. Their security guards are absolutely crazy and ghetto. They were screaming over and over and multiple people left because of it                        	3
6112	Good place. Fast service if is a lot of people in there.	5
6113	"Very clean and modern.  Fast service, just like mom.  "	5
6114	Manager/security gard working on 02/12  was extremely unpleasant and screamed at us. Store was dirty and a health hazard. Don't go there!	1
6115	"This place is right next to New York penn station so expect a crowd and a long wait, use the kios it's must faster. The customers there tend to be loud and uninviting."	2
6116	Nice mac	5
6117	Why a 1                     	4
6118	"Only 3 people working in back, all cashes are closed because they don't have enough people. You have to use the machine to order. Waited 35 mins for my Mcflurry. Managers should be ashamed that they didn't help these employees."	1
6119	Real quaint place to eat for breakfast. Great staff.	5
6120	A little busy but great spot to grab a burguer and keep sight seeing!	5
6121	Its a place to run in & grab something quick to eat . As far as sitting in there its not ok the ppl they allow in there are mostly homeless	2
6122	"I like it service good , it's. Cheaper the most of the places around, lol                                               "	3
6123	"Just went to get mcnuggets for my mom,but it was too early for them to make yet. It was only 9:45am. They were still making breakfast. So I went to Wendy at the S I ferry where they make the chicken mcnuggets any time."	4
6124	"I took my children and their friends here for a treat after shopping. We used ordering kiosk..food was promptly given to us. When we found seating ,it was right next to the McDonald's security. Security cursed up a storm around my children with great vulgarity."	2
6125	It was good and they got the food fast	5
6126	The team that control that restroom and back seats entry are great! Best McDonald's in the area. Cleanest one as well.	5
6127	"Dont think i would go here on my own, a lot of vagrants about. Not very clean, food was ok."	2
6128	"Asked for pickle on my chicken sandwich, got 8 pickles. My sister is picky and orders her burgers with not ketchup, mud or onions with extra pickles. They nailed that. Her chicken nuggets were nice and crispy. The only complaint I'd that the fries were a little soggy, but they were still hot, so it cancels out the sogginess."	5
6129	I wanted 2 barbecue sauce packets and they forgot to give me it.	4
6130	"Employees make many mistakes, and it's patrons that hang out there, many are addicts."	1
6131	The place is a mess and they didn't have breakfast. They expect people to eat a McDouble with orange juice at 5 am.	2
6132	"The male cashier was lazy and rude and tried to charge me the higher prices. The 2 hamburgers I ordered were cold , COLD . Worse, they did not contain the extra pickles I requested 3 times! Yes 3 x. The 2 Apple pies were not only cold ...but ,worse, had been clearly sitting out all day and were so over cooked,  I just  spit them out and into the garbage;  less than 1 bite.
The chicken sandwich was not hot either  and worse , it was waaaay overly smeared  with unhealthy  mayo which  I threw away so as to not suffer food poisoning. It was by far the worst fast food restaurant experience ever in my life and it cost me a whopping  9 dollars and 93 cents. I WANT A REFUND PLEASE.

FINALLY ,this crowded McDonald's  was the filthiest and dirtiest one I've ever been in.

So very very sad and disappointed.

Respectfully submitted,

Timothy Ernest."	1
6133	I was there this morning 3 24 2023 6am. Trying to order a biscuit and hashbrown. Like every day today this lady lost her mind told me to use the big screen to order and get receipts. She was doing nothing but standing there she don't want to take my order and keep telling me use the screen and refuse to help me.i verbally confronted her .there I left without my breakfast. If people like her keep working for your well known establishment you loose and get defame your good name because people like her. Teach her some manners how to behave with people ho come to your restaurant to have good time. She act like I was a homeless person. I hope you can do something about this incident.  Have a good day.  But I will not have good day because I will continue thinking about  what happened this morning with me at your place.	1
6134	Customer service wasn't good and there were big rats outside	1
6135	"Very up to date McDonald's. Great customer service and fast service.
This is the first fast food service spot that I got my food in less than 7 mins . Usually I'm waiting 20 minutes."	4
6136	I had an awful experience at this location with one member of the security staff they hire to keep customers and employees                           	1
6137	A Disgusting place a bunch of crack heads inside fighting and yelling. I ordered a coffee and it was not drinkable.	1
6138	"If there is a meal time limit, please post it clearly on the table. Instead of letting the staff drive people away. I haven't even finished my drink. Guests will be more civilized than your staff."	1
6139	The quickness and efficiency is good but the quality is missing a little.  The nuggets weren             	3
6140	Unfortunately it was a bad experience. Went inside waiting in line for the order be taken for a bit of time. Patient because I noticed a lot of staff was just giving out those takeout orders and orders that already been taken. After being there but I said this is ridiculous who's going to serve with us? Next thing you know after about 10 minutes they put up a sign saying oh you got to use the machine all of a sudden so you hungry no food you know what to say a hungry Man is an angry man. Give McDonald's zero s for the way they handled their customers	3
6141	"Rude staff, they talk to each other without paying attention to the work .. they always get the sandwiches wrong ... dirty place !!!  It should be closed"	1
6142	"Can be cleaner.
Good service"	3
6143	"Very crowded , dirty and cashier was rude"	3
6144	"I am a big fan of Mc'Donalds, I have tried it in more than 21 countries so how can I skip when I am in New York, USA.
Same taste different country."	4
6145	Nice clean place and quick service	5
6146	There are better McDonald's places than this.	2
6147	"Very poor service, I was anxious to go to the toilet, but I was asked by the security to provide a receipt first, otherwise I would not be allowed to go to the toilet. The security attitude was bad, I do n                           t know if it was racial discrimination, I wanted to buy two burgers an"	1
6148	Service poor no one speaks English to much beggers	5
6149	McDonald's seems to be the meeting place for homeless and mentally ill people in NYC. I don't know why ?	2
6150	The food was ok but I have experienced better service. They missed things... The tables were in bad condition and the floor was not cleaned since ages.	2
6151	"We went in the evening on our way back to the hotel from a trip to the Liberty Island. We were really hungry so we ordered lots of stuff. The food and drinks were good. The place has lots of seating space, and you can order on the self-help kiosks. It seemed like the restrooms were not open as there was a gate towards its entrance but we didn't care because our hotel was nearby."	4
6152	Very rude workers don't even let you go to the toilet.	1
6153	The food was not a problem. But there has to be better security. While we were waiting for food a fight broke out between 4 or 5 people. Very rough and scary. They were pushing and yelling and several times one individual looked like he was reaching for something in a bag. Took management a while to call police. They finally got there but the perpetrators had left. Very scary experience.	3
6154	Not enough staff. What's the point of the mobile app? They won't t preparing until you are there. 22 people ahead of me. 22 minutes wait time. Over priced.  I ate it faster then the wait time and I eat slowly.	3
6155	This is one of the busiest stores in the city. You get everything here. Definitely not a good place to dine in. Lots of tourists and people constantly asking for money inside the restaurant. Avoid if possible	2
6156	Apparently there                           s a bouncer for	1
6157	"Went for late lunch and it was pretty busy. However, security was on top of it for everything including making sure tables were cleaned immediately after someone left. All in all a good experience"	5
6158	Disgusting just bought a burger with mold on it!   	1
6159	The staff was rude and the food was cold	3
6160	Very clean not crowded food was actually hot	5
6161	"I've been more than patient with this place. I understand this is a tough area to work because I work near this restaurant. At this point closing so early randomly is unacceptable. It's like you are gambling with the little time you have for break. And the site says 24 hours, and still no dining??? They have security, so dodging the seedy types should not be an issue here."	1
6162	I have never seen such a disgraceful service in my life. workers are very rude. That woman at the cash register shouldn't be standing there. should get out of work. You can't treat customers like dogs. who are you ?	1
6163	"Food is a pity, waiting time - horror for the ""fast"" food."	3
6164	"                                                    
Despite the fact that it   s front sign explicitly says    Open 24/7   , they unethically keep the doors tide shut from the inside, based on a made-up rule that you have to show proof of an order from your      phone. Even if your phone is dead, in the middle of the night, and you   re ving, they still won   t let you simply walk inside to order, like everyone else in America. This is place is bad for business. DON   T bother."	1
6165	"PROS: This McDonalds is located right next to Madison Square garden making it an easy stop right before or after the game. They are also very clean and the staff seemed to be nice. The food came fast compared to other fast food places in the city

CONS: The touchscreens that you order your food on had a tough time scanning the vaccine card and the place was small inside compared to other fast food places.

OVERALL: Great place near the garden but isn't my go-to when I hit that area of the city"	4
6166	Terrible experience.  Filthy.  No soda at all.  Staff could not have been ruder if they tried.	1
6167	"Staff is nice and they are fast to get the food out. I only go in the morning for breakfast on the way to work. Only issues are the norm in many places. they don't clean the kiosks often and they are no wipes to do it yourself, and have to be careful of people crowded by the doors."	4
6168	Very  good clean restaurant   	5
6169	Your typical McDonald's. Which is generally why people visit McDonald's all around the world. Consistency. Could be a little cleaner. But nothing that would turn one off. Reasonable experience. Reasonable service. With expected pricing.	4
6170	Who don't like McDonald's Mickey D's Mickey D's I'm digging it I love my espresso	5
6171	"Looked like it could have done with some more staff.

Dude handing out the food just marked random ones as gone even though he didn't announce the numbers.

We had to go ask for ours. It was just chilling there.

But it's McDonald's. If you're going, you're going to go regardless of the rating."	2
6172	To many homelessness are in this franchise it is quite disgusting	2
6173	"Security worker said we could not eat our food inside and was very disrespectful, ted taking a video of us and making rude comments while doing so. Made us go outside during a severe thunderstorm after purchasing our food. No sign saying anything about no eating inside the restaurant. Guy just had a power trip and probably upset how his life sucks"	1
6174	It is great thant you can actually eat inside the place no like many other restaurants in the area at the moment because of the omicron variant. The bad thing it's that the personal in these particular McDonald's is slow... you're going to have to wait for your food at least 5 to 10 minutes..... It is the price you have to pay if you want to eat inside haha	4
6175	"Nice place, service is very quick and great atmosphere"	5
6176	I ordered a coffee the service was super fast and just how I like it. The people behind the counter were so nice and easy. It even came along with a smile and a thank you.	5
6177	Not too busy everything was clean and service was good wait time wasn long even though their was a decent amount of customers. And food was fresh as could be for fast food. Also not one employee was rude. Good visit and would recommend this one over some others in area.	4
6178	Restaurant was clean and there were social distancing. It's what you normally expected from a fast food joint. Prices were little higher than normal but it is in Manhattan so that's to be expected. Service was quick when I went there in off hours.	3
6179	very very dirty and broken tables and benches	1
6180	A lot was out of stock and staff attitude is horrendously bad	2
6181	"Maybe the quickest McDonald's I've ever been to.

My order was out in 2 minutes max on a busy afternoon."	5
6182	It stank in this facility. How is food even served	1
6183	"Horrible! Avoid this place at night.  Unsafe.  Panhandling at the counter and hooligans will take your food the second it is ready for pick up, they won't even call your number. Staff and security could care less."	1
6184	"Almost always a scene here.. impatient people, sometimes some yelling goes down..but I always get my order in fast and easy. If there's a line, use the digital kiosk. If not, use the human. Never waited more than 5 min here for a big Mac or double."	5
6185	"Pretty clean place, crowded of course but that can be overseen when you find a table. Service is pretty speedy, got my food pretty quickly. Security by the bathroom though, need your receipt just to use it. Gets annoying hearing ""ma'am wait, sir your receipt?"" ""You need a receipt"". Tip, don't throw away your receipt until you leave, and don't sit next to the bathroom if you don't wanna hear that everytime a person tries to enter the bathroom."	4
6186	McDonald's is always clean and serves fresh fast food	5
6187	DO NOT I REPEAT DO NO NOT GO THERE!!! ONE OF THE WORST MC IN THE CITY. EVERY MORNING THEY NEVER HAVE MOBILE OR REGISTERS ITS SUCH A INCONVENIENCE. LIKE WHY ARE YOU OPEN???????????????????	1
6188	To crowded and not safe with homeless and drug addicts hanging out inside. The good was not the same as other establishments. Very disappointing with good and service. Last time going there.	2
6189	Was there with my 2 year old(kids meal 4 piece chicken nuggets). I was attempting to use the kiosk when one of the employees a young lady came immediately to assist. She explained the process and took me to a register to check out. Within 4 minutes I had placed my order and had my food. Wonderful service though there were a lot of customers. Wonderful experience.	5
6190	Chances of being stuck by a hypodermic needle are pretty high at this location.  Restaurant is full with people you really wouldn't feel comfortable eating next too.	2
6191	Too many people hanging around for change	3
6192	Supervisor is a mean person that every time she has a argument somebody get hurt is really incompetent and if I'm lying look for all there latest news. And you will find tha the first with her and a client and it end security harming people. I am so sorry to say this. I was a suing manager in McDonald's when I was younger and there are better ways to handle situations.	1
6193	"""Payment Warning!"" The non-American foreigners who run this restaurant is the only McDonald's in United States that do not accept Discover Card for payment."	1
6194	"The staff who work there have no manners whatsoever. I go there everyday on my break and when it's time to pickup my order it's just a ""here you go.""
I'm always polite and always say thank you even though no one ever says anything back.
At this point I'd rather talk to a robot than anyone who works there.
I'd probably get better service."	2
6195	"Normally all the Macdonald's are the same. They have to keep the standard what is the Franchise of the Macdonald's request from who is getting enter to be one the franchise one..  For me the best item they have in their menu is the ""French fries   "".
I love to Go  around the many places in the world.  And enjoy one of the fries. Sometimes they introduced a new drink. Now they are getting innovated  and you can order your food  in the internet. Delivered to you by IFood."	5
6196	I wanna hug whoever made my order @ 12:30AM because the fries were so crispy and quarter pounder was perfect	5
6197	If I could give zero s I would. This place is supposed to be open 24 hours but they tell you at midnight their closed and tie the doors shut with what looks like a sweater after you                           ve placed an order. T	1
6198	Worst service I ever experienced. I ordered one thing but cashier decided to sell me double of what he thought was better. When I asked for my money back Angel the shift manager was very rude verbally and physically. I will never be going to that establishment again.	1
6199	"Very friendly staff! The cashier right away greeted us and asked what we would like to order. She was also very helpful explain the offers that were available. Service was fast, quick and extremely efficient. Waiting time was less than 5 minutes. Good fast food spot for a quick bite to eat! They also offer order yourself service and of course on the app too! Food was good. The only reason I couldn't give this McDonald's a 5 was because many tables and chairs to eat in were a bit dirty. Also, the restrooms were dirty it could have been better other than that #eatoutside and don't forget if you like my review please give it a thumbs up!"	4
6200	Have to say they finally up the game recently & put security in the establishment to prevent certain unwanted people taking up seats early in the mng. sleeping & leaving a mess! That no longer currently exists as i have seen the change myself! Don't hesitate to enter the establishment for breakfast    	4
6201	"Great service. Clean. Unfortunately, they have seedy people that love hanging out on the side walk. This is not Mc Donald's fault. However, I feel safe and satisfied with the pace of service."	4
6202	"They need to keep the restaurant clean,tables are dirty,chairs,are equally dirty,you homeless people walk in there bugging us customers."	2
6203	"Thank you guys, for your job and the effort to keep the place at the nice level, even sometimes becomes messy, but you always were friedly and ready to prepare my food order ( not the healthiest option tho ), but you always saved me from ving"	4
6204	"It's a decent McDonald's.  The issue is its location,  it's  a high tourist area and hub for New Yorkers to do a lot of shopping or transferring bus/trains. That also comes with people who are on drugs, homeless and so on. But it's not that bad"	4
6205	"This is what I encountered when I came to this location today.  A trash bag wrapped around the door by the security guard to stop ppl from coming in.   So instead of a safe, warm location to order and pickup from, I had to wait on a very dangerous Avenue in NYC while they took their sweet time in making my order.  20 minutes to make breakfast and having to wait on a dangerous street is ABSOLUTELY APPALING"	1
6206	"They were careful about maintaining social distancing, an encouraging sign.  However, because of the nature of the area, and the poor getting poorer, and the homeless getting braver, several times while waiting on line to order and to pick up, seemingly homeless/desperate people came in begging, some pretending to order, some appeared to be casing the customers.  It was disturbing to say the least. On top of all of that, the meals I had ordered were cold and the french fries limp and cold. I would never go there again."	1
6207	"Slow late night weekend workers,especially the female worker,it seems like she doesn                           t wanna work,highly doubt any s"	1
6208	"This review is in 2 parts: 1st the dining area and bathroom and 2nd the behind the counter crew and food.
1st...this Mc Donald's seemed to have their own guidlines for COVID-19. And the guidlines they followed were NONE or ZERO. The place was VERY crowded.NO social distancing. NO one to monitor or count how many people were allowed in. it  did not feel or look clean or a safe environment ...good to  spread germs and viruses.
alot of people from the street who were not customers just hanging around using many tables and  shoulder to shoulder in the seats. people passed out in the chairs with masks pulled off. They had ONE dining room person who just could not keep up with the mess that they were leaving. The bathroom was a horror show: obviously people were washing and cleaning more than just their hands inside. was dirty.
2nd,..the saving grace of the restaurant was the cashier, the food expediter and the employees making the food. they were all very fast, pleasant, thanked me, and the food was hot, fresh and very good.

Dining area and bathroom: 0 (zero) s

Behind the counter employees and food: 4

Combined and average:  2"	2
6209	Very clean decent bathroom.   Lots of lost soles during the week hanging out.  But they are kept low and behaved. Bathroom is kept clean and decent and they have a wall of ordering terminals to is. I do suggest using an app and having it ready rather then the touch screen. They have a long delay and it's a bit to order.	4
6210	Love to get my breakfast from this Mcdonald store. The coffee and tea is the best. I also like their pancakes and sausage.	5
6211	Full of dropouts. Take care	1
6212	I work pretty close to this location but I try to avoid it because of the sheer amount of homeless and drug users that visit the establishment.  The lines are not usually long but they are very disorganized and the wait time for can take over 15 minutes for just a sandwich. The food/promotions was on par with other locations.	3
6213	"McDonald's is fast food not because it's good but a quick cup of coffee ok.
Don't expect much as far as food! The
worst thing really is the ordering and waiting to get what you ordered!! Worse McDonald's is 8th Ave 35st! Very bad staff! I asked for a straw I had dropped mine no no no I said I'll pay for it never got the straw lol! You will live eating the food get ready for
cold food! And nevermind an extra anything! Shame it was not bad but now    "	2
6214	"I just purchase 2andwiches here today.  I got a McChicken and a McDouble.  Both of these used to be on the Dollar Menu.  Now they are on the $1 $2 $3 Menu and they are $3 each.  The McChicken had Mayo only on a far side and it was all over the wrapper and top of the bun.  Almost NONE was in the sandwich.  I ate it though, but it tasted funny.  The McDouble was ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE.  The bread was stale and hard.  The meat was cold.  It was a 1 out of 10 burger.  It was that bad.  I couldn't eat it so I threw it away.  I wish I could get my money back.  McDonalds is a failure at this point."	1
6215	I always come here to get something quick while I work. It drives me crazy when I forget to check my food before I leave the restaurant because when I get back to work the food is so old! It                           s so sad that you have to check your food before you leave! I ordered 3 McChickens. They were so old and hard that I literally had to just eat the bread because I 	1
6216	I enjoy this mc Donald's however you can't use the bathroom without first showing the receipt    	4
6217	"This McDonalds location is HORRIBLE!!!! They work very slow during the night/morning hours, forcing customers to use the Kios machine and everyone don                        "	1
6218	"All of the unmanned spots to purchase food didn't work so you had double the effort to buy something, not cool. If you have a feature that's not working turn it off till it works. If they have to test it I'll give em some possible credit there. This place is crazy busy usually."	3
6219	"Crazy busy and usually encompassed with 8th Ave nutters but the security keeps everyone in check;  they've always gotten my order right and regardless how busy, they always manage to get orders out pretty darn quick. #ghettoefficiency"	4
6220	Security was rude. Has an emergency to use Restroom. He said No unless u purchase something.  I explained I would get a coffee but I an Urgent need to twinkle.  He state not my problem! I purchased a coffee. Will Never patronize this business.	2
6221	"This McDonald                           s is straight up trash. The one on 34th and 7th is better. Went at a bad time cause it seems like their systems was down. Only the kiosk was working. Sad thing is I had asked the lady if they had ice cream. She asked the manager, manager said no. Next"	1
6222	You would figure with all of the kiosk               	1
6223	"Terrible! Patties are so thin AND overcooked. I remember how McDonald's use to be,and how real the burger use to taste. Y'all sacrificed everything about the old school taste of McDonald's for,obviously a profit. Never again. My kids will never eat there."	1
6224	The security guy was very rude. He was on his phone while I approached him and asked if it was possible to use the restroom. He was rude and said that I can use only with a purchase which I agreed to. I humbly asked if I can use the restroom first before I make the purchase and he raised his voice at me and said u keep asking me the same thing. No humanity.!!	1
6225	"Dirty, sticky tables and floors. Crowded. Expect to wait a while for food ordered at kiosk and at the cashier. No table service here. Dark space. Lots of transients, though the guards do a good job of making sure people buy stuff."	2
6226	"Staff member made a mistake which we didn                           t realise until back at our hotel. Returned to pick-up the missing salad and drink - rude member of staff who ignored us so we went to the collect desk - that staff member ignored us too so we followed her - she told us to go to the other woman! We refused and requested she deal with us. We had no receipt just the ticket number - they had taken the receipt with the initial order! Eventually gave in and tried to give us the original drink (erm if we had been trying to con them, how would we know the drink was there just sat on the side going cold?). Anyway don                        "	1
6227	"It's a McDonald's. If you want you've eaten at one, you've eaten at them all.

However, this review is based solely on the location. 8th Avenue has a SERIOUS homeless problem, and the restaurant is always swarmed with them. If it were just that they were begging for change, I could forgive it. Unfortunately most of the people I've seen are out of their minds on whatever drugs and usually screaming and carrying on. They make me incredibly uneasy, to the point where I'm not comfortable eating here anymore. More than once, I've seen fights break out. Best to find another location."	2
6228	I didnt have a mask cause it suddenly broke while on line and the cashier offered me a mask. I thought that was so awesome i was so happy causw they made me feel welcomed and not embrassed. The staff was pleasant and quick serving.	4
6229	"McD's is a good place to eat fairly cheaply! The wait time for your food DOES vary from restaurant to restaurant though! (Sometimes great! & sometimes terrible!). The food quality seems to be the same from restaurant to restaurant! I love their sweet tea!, regular cheeseburger, and their fantastic fries! I would recommend it to people looking for a decent meal at a reasonable price!"	4
6230	Was vert messy although the poor staff were trying to keep it tidy but people just leaving wrappers etc around.  Staff were great and food as expected	3
6231	"There is a hired male guard for the bathrooms to ensure only paying customers use it, which seems overkill and made me as a customer uncomfortable. The technology of coded locks satisfy this need for other businesses in the area. Bigger concern is that a guarded bathroom was still incredibly filthy. If you're paying someone to hang around the bathroom all day, maybe also pay someone to hang around the bathroom and clean it. There was a copious amount of a vomit like substance trailing out of one of the stalls that had been there for some time and one of the two stalls didn't lock. Not cool."	2
6232	"I                           ve never left a review in my life but I had to for this location. The                            security                            guard on staff tonight in this location was horrible, to say the least. The lack in customer service and decency is appalling. I                           ve never walked into a business where the                            security                            guard is finding any issue he can to cause a scene and I                           ve never seen a    "	1
6233	"Overcharging customers with their uninformed prices, then management does aid to the issue with accommodating the customer with the stated price."	1
6234	Our chicken biscuit sandwiches were awful the chicken was overcooked we couldn't eat it ended up throwing it in the garbage I wish I had took a picture of it	1
6235	"It was crowded (it's New York tho) but the security guard was always making sure people to use the mask...  and it was fast even with the amount of orders. On time, good food, right order. Simply Mc Donalds."	5
6236	"This location constantly serves stale food, have received hard/burnt/overcooked sandwiches and freezer burned chicken tenders. Even though it says open 24 hours I                           ve been told turned away at 3AM, 1AM, and even as early as 10PM a couple of weeks ago. I had to wait an hour on food after the kiosks malfunctioned and my order disappeared in their system and the people working wouldn                           t even hook me up with a large fry instead of a medium after waiting so long. This location just can       "	1
6237	"Food was good. Time to serve was fast enough and though as a first timer, I never knew how to make orders via the machine. Lol, am just a new arrival from Africa, we are use to human Services not computers. Lol. It was a good time overall."	4
6238	"its ok, right now any other Mcd store. They are all mostly empty, if not then 2-3 people waiting in front of you.
The employees are really friendly and polite."	3
6239	"It was dirty, homeless people hanging out inside asking for money,I offered a person $5 to buy a meal and was insulted,I guess money was for Drugs or beer"	2
6240	"Fast service, but while I was there on vacation staying accross the street the service was a bit harsh."	4
6241	You usually don't associate McDonald fast food with good quality but with this shop you really have to. The design of every thing was actually elegant in a way and the service is quick and polite. And you have to believe it when I say the burgers in there actually looks  like the ones being advertised on TV all the time. The taste and qualities of the food are 10 out of 10 for me	5
6242	Cant use restroom  without paying	1
6243	It looks crazy outside because of the people but very clean and put together inside. Security is on point! Felt very safe waiting for my food    	5
6244	"Ok for quick pick ups. Not the best place to go for a semi decent eating. The place was crowded, the crowd a bit rough around the collar, and the staff appeared rushed. Have head better service same venue, different later in the day."	2
6245	We came here late and hungry. Our man Arturo helped us out and was patient and good with us. New York is a wild town but he didn               	5
6246	"Clean, however the checking of vaccine cards should be a bit better. Of course this is my opinion. I was asked at the time, who I was with was not."	3
6247	Got my order pretty fast.	4
6248	Istopped in at this location at 3 am on Sun morning it was super busy and understaffed. Surprisingly however  the overwhelmed staff was super nice. Even through the place was crowed it didn't take long to get a customized order. The bathroom was understandably a mess.	4
6249	Like the modern look inside and nice seating. Great atmosphere for casual Hangout with friends. Kiosk there helps when the lines are too long. Cashiers are friendly and nice.	5
6250	"Bathroom door lock is broken.

Went from 3 to 5 since it's the best looking macdo I found in NYC.
I ended up coming multiple times there.

America should reconsider what the standard is, European Mc Do are way cleaner, service is faster."	5
6251	"I've been here numerous times and have no complaints about the food or the staff. As mentioned in other reviews here, there is a problem with the overall cleanliness of the restaurant and the ""transients"" that call the place ""home"".

I'm not sure if there is a homeless shelter nearby or if people just love to hang out in the place, but there are always less fortunate people there especially in the morning. Just this morning I've witnessed the NYPD escort a woman out of the restaurant that was loitering. There are signs throughout the restaurant that clearly state No Loitering and that there is a 30 min time limit. Now that the weather is getting colder, people are just looking to stay warm.

Unfortunately, McDonalds is in a difficult position. As a former General Manager of a fast food restaurant, I used to deal with ""rough"" teenagers and ""undesirables"" especially at night. I wanted my paying customers to have a friendly, warm and inviting environment to eat in with their families. The ""rough"" crowd made that very difficult to maintain. I, like McDs ted with signs. The McDs in this review also has full time security to help keep the people safe and moving.

You see, you just can't stand at the door and not allow people to come into McDs. The best you can do is try to manage it. I give them a lot of credit for trying to do just that. I also give credit to the employees as they have to deal with it all day long. As far as the cleanliness, they can do a much better job there. I can't speak for all the people given Lobby Duty, but I've never seen one with a cleaning bottle and rag to clean the tables. So, even I had to sit at a table this morning that wasn't clean. It wasn't exactly disgusting, but it wasn't clean either.

I've never been in the bathrooms because I try to avoid them at all costs. I've seen the people that come out of there and also the bathrooms at Penn Station down the block. It can't be pleasant in there and frankly, I wouldn't want to clean it either.

There are other McDs in the area, but this one is at times convenient for me. You can't beat the price for breakfast in that area in NYC. I would NEVER bring my family there. But for a quick stop in the morning, it's ok.

So, the 3 are just for the environment, the ""ambiance"" and the cleanliness. The food and the staff are great, it's just a ""difficult"" place to eat in given the community."	3
6252	Nice place. Tables should be cleaned more rapidly though. There were several empty tables when I went but here were food drops on most of them... Not quite clean	3
6253	Good and fast that what you call fast food	4
6254	"I                           d expect a McDonald                           s near Penn Station to be pretty terrible, but they                           ve actually kept this location reasonably nice. It                          "	4
6255	Due to the COVID pandemic things have evolved and MacDonalds is definitely updating its customer service. There are self-counters now to place orders. The service has improved for good! Great burgers!	5
6256	The service was quick and easy	5
6257	I had to give 2  because I've been trying to call the phone number listed on the website multiple times and no one responded or go to voice mail with Verizon. I had few missing items that I wanted to report. The food came fast but I have had better food from McDonald's than from this location.	2
6258	"Dirty, several people trying to sleep at tables, no vaccine check. We were desperate for food/drinks but believe this was where we contracted covid. Currently in quarantine on ship."	1
6259	"Bad service. Couldn't find straws,  all the tables were dirty.  And went to wipe a table down and couldn't find napkins."	1
6260	"Extremely busy when we visited at lunchtime, with queues at most of the automated order points, and hardly anywhere to sit once we had received our food - which was good - from the rather harassed looking staff.

Despite there being a clearly signposted No Loitering policy with a maximum 30 minutes to eat your meal, this did not seem to apply to the rather insalubrious clientele who were occupying most of the seats in the back part of the place. I hesitate to use the word ""restaurant"" to describe this outlet.

As it is almost opposite the Tick Tock Diner, which was really busy at breakfast time, we had planned to try this McDonald's for breakfast, but after today's experience, we'll give it a skip."	2
6261	"It was full of junkies. I was holding onto my purse n couldn't enjoy my meal.  Finally, my daughter and I had to leave.  If I were just rating the food, it was hot n served quickly."	3
6262	The people at the store we're so rude. The manager was keeping her cool. Good job. Once I actually ordered my stuff came out fast and correctly.	5
6263	Very dirty place.	2
6264	"Food was up to their standard, except the chocolate shake was thin and not frozen. But the place was a total mess with all the tables dirty and trash all over the floor, and no table numbers at the ordering kiosks. One person did come out and t sweeping before we left, but it seems some retraining may be in order for this location."	3
6265	"This McDonalds restaurant was Ok. Neither more or less compared to my expectations. However, I find it on a negative side note the constant stream of homeless people entering the restaurant, causing somewhat of a commotion.

The service and the employees of the restaurant was helpful and fine."	2
6266	Bum central avoid this one at all costs	1
6267	Well this McDonald's has been known through out the City as not recommended place to eat but that's are people Opion. I've known this places just like anywhere else as far as people coming in and ting problems. Any way this place I gave it a 5 cause the employees are very respectful  clean when you oder there's a couple of employee's that I like to mention. Mr. Noe is a young man that does almost everything behind the counter very respectful fast worker is important in a fast food business. Next  Rosalva  is also a very respectful employee she works behind the counter greets you with a real smile not only welcome to McDonald's and a fake smile you could tell the difference                                      Third is the one that runs this place is the manager Maria. She makes sure everything is in tip top shape for the Customers friendly always trying to meet the customers request also with a great            to come.	5
6268	"Terrible service, slow, understaffed, dirty place and food was raw"	1
6269	"It's a McDonald's, there's nothing to say"	5
6270	"The fries were too greasy and the bread was disgusting. Watch out for the homeless people! One of them gave me a wedgie while i was waiting in line for my food. thank you

From ~ BigMamaPimp"	1
6271	"Attention tourists: due to the high volume of homeless people, the chain hired a rude BOUNCER. Local authorities can not handle the increasing population of unfortunate citizens living in trains stations and NOW residing on stores and/or food chains. The staff EXCEPT for that individual, is good. First time I see this type of worker at a McDonald's franchise."	3
6272	"It's McDonald's, don't expect much and you won't be disappointed."	3
6273	Good food and good service. The place was packed but the staff was friendly and very well organized.	5
6274	It's dirty and to much people from the streets go there and ask people for money when people are eating and they don't smell good and is very expensive	3
6275	McDonald's just isn't what it used to be.	3
6276	"They botched an order. Ordered spicy chicken sandwich and they gave me a dry one. no condiment. Compete with Chick-fil-A? Yeah right, can't even compete against popeyes"	2
6277	"I read the reviews and they were unkind, but it was conveniently located. Also, $1.00 coffee.  They have security to keep out the undesirables. Weird to see 2ecurity guards at McDonald's but I guess it is working. The place was clean and being able to order at a kiosk made the wait time short even during the breakfast rush."	4
6278	The self serve stations dont have table tags so you go through the motions only to get stuck and have to go to the counter or know to put in a random number to self order... they are busy and the place is clean enough but they are under staffed.	3
6279	Got a couple coffees they were great and they were delicious. Staff very courteous and my coffees came up quick. Felt very safe.	5
6280	Horrible and very rude guard	1
6281	Very dirty dicusting.. food was sloppy and taste awful... wired and very unpleasant view of costumers in there...the most ugliest McDonald's I've ever been to   	1
6282	"It's a big space, it's a bit allover the place when it comes to management and foot traffic, some go to this mcd's with the intention of hanging out. The service is a hit and miss, and at times the place can be a bit dirty, but the prices r decent for the area."	4
6283	"The service is ok,  and the food is responsible, not too expensive. I'm not a fast food eater, but I needed to eat something that I don't cook. It was    "	3
6284	"They said they were open 24 hours but they close at 4, very disappointing at the misleading hours! Employees tie a straw bag around the doors at 4 AM so they don             "	1
6285	Very crowded you will probably catch covid from the first 60 seconds of being in here you can't even walk in here too many people it seems like the kids get out of school and go here too and terrorize the place	1
6286	Place was not clean and the staff not particularly gentle.	3
6287	Quick and fast. They have kiosks that                           s easy to use and place your order. The place looks m	3
6288	If you are passing through and need a place to eat or you don't have time to put dinner on the table usually this is you're next option. But before going anywhere else to eat come here first. If you are looking for people who still care about there job in this day in age and are dedicated to making there service the best it can possibly be this is where you should go.	4
6289	Nasty. Gnats flying around the trash can. The trash bin was so full people ted leaving trash by the drink station. Security talking on the phone. They need to pay attention to the dining area. I was highly dissatisfied	1
6290	"It's great but always double check your bag before you leave, this is the 3rd time already they've forgotten to put something in my order that I PAID for."	3
6291	"I've loved the original McChicken since it was introduced in the 80's when I was a baby.
But getting that McChicken from midtown it was so bland and felt rushed.
I ate it of course but still it tasted bad compared to the original McChicken"	1
6292	There fast only problem they area is surrounded by ppl who do drugs like heroin crack/cocaine k2 ect.... Not an area to bring ur kids or family too not even for tourist nothing to see there	3
6293	"Do not go after 9pm. The store was trashed and dirty and staff moved liked they'd just smoked a spliff. Very slow and had to repeat my order, which was on 2 cups of coffee!! Try to avoid this place like the plague."	1
6294	So ehm what can I say? Italy is the best for the food of course and the chips are offended because you use the ketchup on them and I didn't ask for them. They are too much little soft and I bought them for too much. Paulino is the best! Anywayso I love the mec and bye	3
6295	"For every good and helpful employee, there's a bad and rude one to accompany them. These employees seem to go out of their way to be as unhelpful and rude as possible. And they'll regularly give you sauce packets that are sticky, dirty, and half destroyed. It's honestly worth it to either go to the one in Penn Station or at 42nd street."	2
6296	"Because the female security guard that works for you is very very nasty and very unprofessional.  She throws 90% of the people out for no reason.  She has told the workers behind the counter not to take my order and not to serve me. She has not yet been able to give anyone a reason as to why she is putting me out. Majority of the people who come there. She has done the same thing to. She was once the warden at rikers island,  but she was  caught in the big drug ring letting  the other correction officers bring in the  drugs so now she is working  in McDonald's.  She has threatened  me  and has been harnessing myself and at least 50 other people.  I have called the police and  they told me to call McDonald's corporate  number. Something has to be done about her. She has no right treating people like this"	1
6297	I love visiting McDonald's on my own or either with the kiddos  because that's their favorite place to eat...	5
6298	"Today date is 8/4/2019 , time 6:59 pm, just walked in to use the bathroom and was told by a security guy that I couldn                           t use the bathroom unless I buy something. He had a key from the bathroom and was sitting right next to the bathroom. I said ok, and then looked for a manager. The manager had confirmed that you had to buy something to use a bathroom. But for me, she would do a favor by letting me t"	1
6299	Boy this placr was scary	1
6300	"It's unfortunate that this location is the closet to me. The staff really sucks here. From the lack of smiling, hospitality, and there's absolutely no thank you at the end of paying for your meal and no apologies when they give you the wrong order, they just hastily take the next customer. Even the cleaning crew sucks. I asked to be let into the bathroom and he looked at me with a blank expression. There is NO diversity what so ever. Only Spanish speaking crew members....... what a shame."	1
6301	"I wish I could give it a no ! My purse got robbed inside the store and I asked the manager if he can please show me for video evidence he approached me by saying No, ask those ladies raising his voice at me and walked away. How helpful was the manager..."	1
6302	"This place is not very clean. When I first walked in, I heard yelling from a waitress saying                            302, 302                            and there were many insects in this "	2
6303	"It's just like any other McDonald's. The only problem is is the homeless tend to coming in out of here a lot. And use the bathroom to bathe. But that doesn't affect the food and stuff too much. Like I said, it's just like any other McDonald's."	3
6304	"The food is standard, but the customers are awful.  Not their fault. But if you like the homeless and drug addicts  watch you eat. This is the place to go."	3
6305	"This place in particular is a complete mess. And that day I went in was a Saturday afternoon, it was FULL of drug addicts and they took over the place, I believe there's a Rehabilitation Center near by and that's the reason. But however, I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE, unless you order to take out."	1
6306	"It's a nice place, clean and good service, besides they follow the pandemic rules, I'm don't like that kinda food, but my kid love it"	5
6307	I am truly loving them :D	5
6308	"The meal was good but there were to many homeless people and beggars inside this McDonalds. The beggars where fairly aggressive, impertinent and well prepared for tourists. They wanted to push a brasilian woman next to my table to give them 20 $.  She wanted to give them 5 $, but they tried to argue with her for 15 minutes! It was more like threatening than arguing. I was so pissed of after this experience.... The food is great, but the management should take care about this situation and protect their guests, especially tourists."	1
6309	"Unfortunately the covid-19 pandemic has rendered eating within mcdonalds not possible, it a rather elegant one. Clean, composed, every bit the lady and her                                      staff are professional.  Fast food done right . Money                                      low from all the shopping and touring, take swin"	4
6310	"I was waiting in line with my six year old son who had to go to the bathroom.  The security guard was sitting down talking to a customer, I knocked on the door and realized there was no one inside. So I asked him to open the door. He told me that if I did not have attitude he could do it faster. Then he opened the door and said Black people always have attitudes. He proceeded to curse at. I went to talk to the manager who pretty much ignored me and continued cooking French fries. I called the corporate number. This was by far the worse experience I have ever had in a McDonald          "	1
6311	"Security person didn't let me use the restroom without showing a receipt. I said ""the line is long, and I have to go man, I'd be buying something after I use the restroom, I promise"" he said no, so now I'm writing this from the pizzeria next door, after using the restroom, two slices and a juice.
Thinking of going here? Go nextdoor!"	1
6312	One of the best Micky Ds in town.	5
6313	"I was disgusted and appolled by this mcdonalds i would suggest NEVER go here. Walked in to the staff and security guard having a loud conversation or arguement im not sure, but after hearing the ""N"" word 20 times and standing there not being greeted i left. I felt unsafe and the staff were truly ghetto and extremely irresponsible. 0 work ethic 0 respect. If your a tourist avoid this location ! ! ! !"	1
6314	This specific location had an incredible amount of loitering drug addicts- homeless and Dirty ppl- DEFINITELY AVOID THIS ONE- ESPECIALLY DURING THE PANDEMIC!!	3
6315	Quick to pickup when you don't have much time. The fountain drinks are the best!	5
6316	"Hello, I  would have gave this McDonald's  a better review but.. They have a person or the store manager  on the floor  telling  people they have to sit and the back or leave.. these people are the homeless and IV drug users....FYI THEY PAYED FOR THEIR FOOD!!"	2
6317	Sad to say the only thing good r the workers..who work hard I only come for coffe ..but they serve u with a smile ..saddest part that this location. Is filled with homeless people ..more homeless then customers. .sorry to say...will I come bk yes cause I enjoy the coffee befir church ....	2
6318	"Soooo slow!!!! Came here to try and get a quick burger before my train (20min for departure) and these guys suck! No sense of urgency. It's supposed to be fast food...nothing in this place is fast. Missed my train by 5min with me running to Penn the whole way from here. Garbage is the sum up for this location. If you're thinking about getting something quick before your travels, look elsewhere. You're better off going hungry than waiting for these lazy employees to do their job."	1
6319	"Quick, clean, efficient social distanced order delivery/ pick up system... excellent job and the food was fresh!"	4
6320	Bit messy but it's in the middle of NYC	3
6321	"Food was fresh, service was fast and it was inexpensive. Yes it is frequented by transient person's
Where would you go without a home. The facilities are kept clean."	5
6322	This place had garbage on the tables and floors. It looked like a section 8 soup kitchen in there. Understaffed with unprofessional delinquents. they have their street friends coming from behind the counter after hanging out in the kitchen while tons of people were waiting for their food.	1
6323	"Very cold atmosphere.
Cash registers unattended with customers waiting to place order.
Smile was lacking whilst interacting with customers.
This place needs loads if training in customer service."	3
6324	Turns out McDonald                         	1
6325	"This is now my new favorite McDonalds in New York City. Good location near Penn Station. The soda is refillable, acceptable to customers!!!. Some really fast WiFi. I could move my office                   "	5
6326	The security hear are a hassle.  You can't eat in peace.  I have a digestive problem and she is watching her clock. She's unprofessional and disrespectful to paying customers. She is pushing out.  You need to address her aproach.And how to handle the customers here.	1
6327	Wonderfully managed McDonald's with very fast service...  I go here all the time and the staff is truly genuinely nice and friendly... the best coffee for a dollar I've ever had... and even better when somebody else brews it for you...	5
6328	"Ordered McNuggets through the electronic menu and they made me select sauces, but none were given in the order.  The nuggets were dry and overcooked, especially without any sauce.  They also took my receipt when I wanted to keep it, so overall a poor experience."	1
6329	There was a constant beeping sound that none of the employees seem to care. The tables were greasy with fries everywhere. At least the food was made fast. But I still recommend using another McDonald's.	2
6330	One of the most disgusting places i have ever been too in the world. And i live in NYC!! In the early morning hours the place is full of herion addics doing drugs or just laying on their booths all high. They put my coffee in the microwave when i asked for it to be hot. Meaning it was probably from the night before.   I donot recommend this place unless you are a junkie.	1
6331	"Often busy because of the high flow of traffic in the area, but as far as a McDonald's goes it is not bad. Service is quick, prices are good, food is consistent for the most part."	4
6332	"This one of the worst environments to eat and i aint too picky.. the place is nasty, and filled with a whole lot of people with drug problems. I felt a bit suspect when i walked in but still ordered, the staff is rude and ignorant,  got my order wrong. Bur i guess they go along with the crowd that comes in and treats everyone like that.. Be Warned not the best place ..and some Mcdonalds are ok.."	1
6333	I arrive around 7am the place is packed with drug addicts.  However the service and food has been good and the older lady keeps the women's bathroom very clean.	3
6334	"I too have experienced: people soliciting you for money (male Hispanic), homeless people,   and other apparent derelicts. ...Also a methadone clinic is nearby :-( This location needs security guards to keep out the unwanted customers"	3
6335	"The staff are very helpful despite the volume of people that go there. Also after one orders  there food, they make a tremendous effort 2 get your order to you as soon as possible."	3
6336	Food was good but my boyfriend and I not feeling good and my boyfriend been throwing up ever since last night when we order our food never eating here again	2
6337	"ROACH ROACH ROACH !!!!!!!!!
If I had the option to give no s at all, I would. I simply walked in to use the bathroom and as I was waiting at the counter a roach came out of the bottom and was running around people                           "	1
6338	"Why read a review of a McDonalds? Because they're not all the same. The quality of food and customer service changes across stores.

Slow. Limited availability of basic soda. Employees spent 5 minutes watching an overflowing drinks machine, instead of serving customers.

Worst McDonald's in the area."	1
6339	"This McDonald's security is horrible. The Africa American lady talks down to people and rush you while your still within your 30 minute time limit. She calls the police every 10 minutes and her mouth is reckless towards paying customers. I've never been more horrified to go to McDonald's. Me & my friends eat there every day spending no less than $10 a piece. They just changed to this security company and they are very very nasty to paying cuatomers. She flashes her police badge to scare people away from here.
This woman is very unprofessional and something needs to be done before someone gets hurt. Thank you."	1
6340	"DISGUSTING !!! that's the only way I can describe this place. It's 1:30 am on a Saturday and my Lord not 1 but 7 people either sleeping in booths or begging for food or money, and the bath room doors don't even lock. Is this allowed to happen? Is this how we run businesses in NY.  I guess McDonalds cares about ALL of their customers, no matter how unsafe they feel.  They just want their money and can't get sued by someone less fortunate, for being kicked out even if they haven't ordered anything. Good job McD's."	1
6341	Two people got shot after an altercation at this McDonalds. I walked past this morning and two low life thugs were bashing each other up with blood spilling over their faces. Police had to restrain them. The cheap low quality food produced here attracts a horrible crowd. I wouldn't go here and I'm looking forward to this establishment shutting down.	1
6342	"Oh so good at 4 am wastie was so happy that it was 24/7
Great service good taste
Thanks McDonald  "	5
6343	The foods pretty good. But you have to pay to use the restroom. But the foods awsome and the ice cream machine works	4
6344	"It's not a good MD for family...It's clean, well lit and service great but people hang out with our food....or a 3 hour bag of fries.."	3
6345	"Common fast food nothing more nothing less....homeless hangout right outside the restaurant and come in to ask you for ""change"" that's irritating when trying to get a bite. Management did however run them out of the store when caught ...unfortunately others came right in as soon as manager was behind the counter."	3
6346	"I go to McD because it's familiar. Even when I want to try something new, I t researching my options but in the end I can't make up my mind and I'm getting hungry so I default to McD."	5
6347	Like there new 6 dollars menu. Affordable for those who can for now I no they r going to change it back after the holidays. But I wish they would keep it.for us low income people.	5
6348	"Omg whatever compelled me to come in here aside from the fastest and courteous service ever, it's frequented by the worst elements of society ever. Police or security needed here cause these methadonians and crack addicts are over the top not to mention least harassing patrons for money"	1
6349	"I went in was a monday afternoon, it was FULL of drug addicts and they took over the place, I believe there's a Rehabilitation Center near by and that's the reason. But however, I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE, unless you order to take out."	1
6350	"No free refills on drinks, much more expensive than other McDonald's. The restaurant itself is in a sorry state of disrepair. Broken seats, tables with names carved into them grease splattered on the walls begs many questions about what goes on here. Having recently eaten in other McDonald's all over the world, this one has probably been the worst."	2
6351	"This mcdonald's is excelent to observe NYC's night people. All kind of things happened in a short lapse after 11PM. Kudos to the security guard, he did a great job, he was full handed though. Advice: avoid eye contact"	5
6352	"Dnt let the long lines fool you, they move fast and efficiently.  The restaurant dining area is always clean, im not afraid to use their drink machine lol . All nyc McDonald's should follow suit lol"	5
6353	McDonalds spicy chicken sandwich and fillet o fish was delicious. Very clean and fast service.	4
6354	"This is the worst Mcdonald's I have ever been in. This place is the epitome of bad customer service. They charge extra for additional ketchup, do not offer free refills and a tiny portion of the dining room is open after 1 am. They close off most of the dining room. One time, I went in to order something around 1 am, but was unable to find any seating because other people were on their laptop hogging the booths and not ordering anything. They were taking up space. Mcdonalds staff did nothing about it when we complained about there being no seating. Most Mcdonalds offers free refills on medium and large drinks, but not this one. One time I asked the manager for a free refill and he was very rude and dismissive. This is not an ideal place to dine in at all, but it is still convenient to order a coffee there though."	1
6355	"The employees can't tell the difference between Diet Coke and Coca-Cola, worst of all I asked them for a second drink and they still got it wrong!!  But they did do my Big Mac good so that why I give 2"	2
6356	This store is a great place to eat but the homeless people take advantage of the restaurant during business hours. it's much better now they have security to keep them under control.	3
6357	Just another place trying to automate to our detriment. Ordered on machine - requested eat in - asked for a table ticket. (What the hell is a table ticket) mashed in a number. Received a to go order and my sandwich didn't have the lettuce / tomatoes removed as I requested. Can we go back to the days of just ordering at the counter from a human being?	2
6358	The McDonald's was pretty organised. Better than some others in the US. A lot of room to sit at and clean toilets. The food was okay like you would expect from the McDonald's.	5
6359	Love the new touch screen menus. Staff was friendly and efficient. Tables were so-so clean (had to wipe up my own).	4
6360	Not the best hamburgers but they are very good for the price	3
6361	"This place is horrible! One of the employees allows drug addicts to use the restroom and hang out in the back. I stopped here because my aunt wanted to use the restroom. As soon as I took a look at the people hanging around, it was obvious."	1
6362	Depends on who is working. Sometimes it's a incompetent mess to try to get your food	3
6363	There's one thing I have to say why have a dollar menu when there isn't one. S.M.H went there last night just for a mcchicken and they wanted 3<<$ and some champagne   I really didn't have it  and was so disappointed.   	3
6364	"Not bad but when you place orders on the web, they never put the kepchut, or ranch or anything like that, the other days they forgot to bring my sodas."	3
6365	Terrible location. Workers are slow and ghetto. Some don                           t even wear a uniform. Random people come in and out the kitchen area an	1
6366	Very quick service but not very clean	3
6367	Good place if you like McDonalds like our kids	4
6368	"SAME AS MOST FAST FOOD JOINTS.
THEY HAVE ALLOWED HOOLIGANS TO SABOTAGE THE OUTLETS AND THEY HAVE ALSO NEGLECTED TO FIX THEM.THAT'S HOW I KNOW THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THIS PARTICULAR LOCATION.
THE PLACE IS PRETTY CLEAN.MOST OF THE STAFF IS FINE EXCEPT ONE GUY WHO REFUSED TO DO HIS JOB AND HELP OUT WITH THE APP FOR THE BUSINESS WHEN I HADDA PROBLEM WITH IT AFTER I ORDERED."	3
6369	The best street food in the nyc.  I don't know what type of Charcoal the use. But the Taste is unique. I love this  street food so much.  That  I go to after I featen from a restaurant in the same neighborhood.  The season  they put on top of the chicken thigh is to die for.	4
6370	"Too crowded, not ""Too dirty"",but not clean enough for me to eat in,order a coffee & go,that's just me.
Oh yeah, I've seen prices lower in other McDonald's like the one on 8th.av. bet.24th. & 25th.st."	1
6371	Ordered for stay and followed the kiosk to use the table service. Waited for 15 mins and never delivered. Went to the pick up area and don't see my order number on the display.	1
6372	"Great-very busy,open for dinning in, wheelchair access ,friendly staff, fresh McDonald's                  "	5
6373	"I ordered food to stay and there were no table tents anywhere. In addition, my food was given to me in a bag despite asking for it to stay. Restaurant was fairly dirty"	3
6374	"Very busy site, a clean as it could be,"	5
6375	I don't know what you did to your franchise but all I wanted was a cup of coffee and it took me half an hour.might have been better if your manager was there to help people and not on her phone	1
6376	"This McDonalds is always an adventure. It is also slightly famous. Famous or infamous I don't know but there is a good NY Times article on it.  It is always crazy packed.  The line control is insane.

The food is normal McDonalds and haven't gotten sick from it which is good.

Basically if you're u come here just get ready to enter a jungle."	3
6377	It's a McDonald's. Get's 5 because my order was correct (egg McMuffin no cheese). Good job :)	5
6378	"This McDonald's is hit or miss, after you walk past the homeless and myth heads your food is nasty; bread is old or fries have no salt and not fresh. Outside smells like piss. Pick another McDonald's, caution."	1
6379	Cashier was friendly and helpful. The workers moved quickly in serving the guests.  My grilled sandwich was tasty.	3
6380	{In my Cardi B voice} OUCH	5
6381	They didn't have enough employees to take your order and they didn't have enough workers to make the food!!!! Horrible customer service they need to have more people working over there!!!!	2
6382	The staff was fast and efficient and made sure I had the right order.	5
6383	Terrible customer service!	1
6384	"Location:   Right by the A/C train line and M34 bus.  1 floor.  Clean.  Lots of sketchy individuals out front.

Service:  Always fast

Wait:   Hardly ever a long line"	4
6385	It                           s McDonald               	4
6386	my favorite part of the restaurant is the nice gentlemen worker who holds the door for you whenever you enter but he kinda smelly sometimes and i think he forgot his uniform at home	5
6387	Because you can eat these great                               	4
6388	"it's your typical McDonald's. it's clean besides the crumbs on the tables but that's typical.

i didn't get any food, just some coffee; but it didn't taste right so i left it.

restrooms were also filthy when i went."	2
6389	The staff rushes you out the second you're done eating.	3
6390	This restaurant is just near to my hotel Wingate. As usual we had a fish burger here. Service is good. Taste is okie. Mcdonald's fried is the best among fast food restaurant.	5
6391	Air conditioning is very cold. Used to be a drug spot but now they post a policeman outside. They serve a lot of customers and they keep the place well-maintained.	3
6392	Regular Macdonald's but it was forbidden to fine-in even though many restaurants are reopening their indoor spaces and it was also impossible to go to the restrooms.	1
6393	Nice and clean and you dont wait a long time to get your food and have z credit card session if you don't want to wait on line and more faster as well	5
6394	"missing part of kids meal, plus less of  following covid19 precussion- disorganized to that extent. gives opportunity of 10 strangers to gather on order or pick up session."	2
6395	STOP EATING MCDONALD'S...PERIOD	1
6396	Went McDonald's in Manhattan. It was excellent. The food was hot and the service was good and fast. Note 33rd St McDonald's air conditioning was broken. No problems.	5
6397	"Dirty place, slow service"	2
6398	"They charged a price to replace coffee with orange juice in the breakfast that's almost the price to just buy a separate juice, didn't notify me and gave me someone else's receipt when I asked for it. When I came back in 5 minutes to buy the $1.99 2-burritos, I only got one and she refused to give me the receipt."	1
6399	"I would never go  back  there!!!
It  was dirty and saw several drug deals while eating my food...
Never Again!!!!!"	1
6400	"Just like any other random McDonald's. Good thing, there is free WiFi and the service was quick. I payed at the digital counters and like 5 minutes after that I was having my meal."	5
6401	We had breakfast here a couple of times. Always tons of homeless people around. One guys was dancing like crazy. Pretty entertaining ...	2
6402	I won't be visiting my local MacDonalds again after finding out about the awful conditions that their chickens endure. They are bread to grow so large that they are crippled under their own weight and live a life of pain and suffering. #ImNotLovinIt	1
6403	Your staff put their hands on me while their friends are late night In McDonald                       	1
6404	10/10 I was I the otel next to this MC it was awesome it was open till relly late and I could come there If the other restaurants where closed	5
6405	"Loads of bums begging for food here, and despite there being a security guard, they allow it.  But on the bright side, they got my order correct and all."	2
6406	this is my 2nd order Uber is great but my drinks were not delivered I did not say anything the first time but it happened again and when I tried to call the phone is not in service	1
6407	it was ok the food was good and the workers were kinda nice but the place is like entering a toxic zone	3
6408	"This McDonalds I'm not sorry to say is full of homeless people begging while people are standing in line with their families ordering. Also, drug addicts in the bathroom using drugs while customers are waiting to use it. Very poor upkeep of this location."	1
6409	I was just there this morning homeless people were in there sitting down the security guard on his radio and not paying attention to what's going on.	2
6410	"Horrible service. They got my order wrong so many times, like i order a customize sandwich and they made it with things i said no to.smh the mc donalds is very humid like there is no working air condioning"	1
6411	Sad they have security because so many addicts and unfavorable population hangs out therw harrasing patrons as they try to eat. You can't even enjoy your food	3
6412	"Worst mc Donald in America. They have lots homeless people inside the place ,very dirty not well coordinated even thought it's in a good location for business. The management have to do something about it."	1
6413	Too much loitering from homeless people.	2
6414	A little better this time. They didn't have any homeless people inside or outside. The police was standing outside.	4
6415	"The young lady at the drive thru is sweet and polite and does a great job in serving me hot food, I love going there at 230 am."	5
6416	"Too many homeless people in this establishment, can't enjoy a meal without being bothered by one!"	1
6417	They                           re not open right now take the lady j	1
6418	"Best Mickie D's I've had thus far since returning to the NY area, and even after I ordered a sweet tea which wasn't sweet, It was replaced with a better refreshing beverage   kudos to you McDonald's"	5
6419	It's great fun all types of folks from alround NYC out of state drug dealers ungercover cops looking to make a bus in every veiw like u'll the one they coming for it a mess &funny it's the funhouse in 33rd & 8th ave. Enjoy ur meal on wheels lol joeytatz 4 real deal !!!!!!!	5
6420	Nice place. It was easy to order in store with the self help machine thing.	5
6421	"No electrical outlets for customers in a fairly large restaurant. They also got my order wrong--I ordered an egg and cheese biscuit and got chicken, which at least is more expensive than what I ordered even if it wasn't what I wanted. Hash browns overpriced. They make it look like you get two on the kiosk graphic to trick you."	2
6422	Female patrons enter this McDonald's at your own risk. There is a female heroin addict hanging in the females bathroom trying to assault and Rob female patrons in the women's bathroom. I advise you to not go to that mcdonalds	1
6423	This McDonald's does not support the troops!	1
6424	"The service was terrible. They only focused on food orders and drink orders were left behind the counter, piling up, and untouched."	1
6425	Kia machine you pay for your order and then you wait about 15-20 minutes before the McDonald people give you your order you ordered sits up there and wait until the McDonald staff person give you your food great great modern technology	1
6426	My mobile order was missing and the crew refused to help. They said there         	1
6427	dirty place....not hygienic...staff don t take correcty order... prefers talking with other people around...one cashier opened for more ten people waiting and boss opened a cashier especially for his friend and close it.and left...so no respect for the customers and not fair at all. finally a place to avoid	1
6428	"This place was quite dirty and very noisy. We tried to order some food for dine in and it kept asking us table number. There is no number on any table. When I ask the staff, they said they will ignore that.... Very confusing."	2
6429	Bad service. Food got me sick. This is day 4 and I          	1
6430	"The new layout/technology is a disaster! Rough crowd,  most just hanging around and not eating.  Left with my meal due to the number of times I was solicited for cash and food.  Wouldn't hurry back."	1
6431	I had not been here in a long time but that night the rest room was the most disgusting thing I ever seen. The food was descent even though I was working my Postmates.	2
6432	"Great ice cream.  Convenient location.  Steps away from Penn Station in Midtown New York, Manhattan."	5
6433	Place was very busy and the girl messed up my order. Got everything fixed in the end. The food was good	4
6434	"There was like no ac! The toilets were so gross!! The food was like normal McDonalds, but it lacked a good atmosphere."	2
6435	"Great atmosphere, and service. Delicious food. Amazing drinks"	5
6436	Friendly and efficient staff. There is a methadone clinic down the street so the clientele are a pretty rough crowd.	3
6437	"Gave me the wrong burgers, and seemed very dirty. I did come again though and the food was correct and tasted like normal McDonald    "	2
6438	Very slow for late night. No communication with staff for efficiency. At least one of the employees at register is willing to admit fault for delayed food	2
6439	"Food and service ok, but the restroom is quite disgusting"	4
6440	This is the faster McDonald's I ever been it's crazy busy though but they work hard to get your order as quickly as possible	5
6441	This place does not have any regard for their kiosk orders	1
6442	First day in NY. Maybe things are different here but the experience was terrible	1
6443	Great customer service very friendly and helpful.. the managers angie and crystal also help get the food out fast and its a very clean place to eat	5
6444	"Place is overrun with vagrance and lowlives, Steph isn't any better this slow angry and miserable"	2
6445	It's alright if you are looking for quick food. Usually very busy and not that clean.	3
6446	"Ordered something and got something else. I asked not to include the bacon, but they added the Canadian Bacon and served me."	2
6447	It was a fast order placing. Must of been the time I was there. It was around 6pm on a Saturday. Surprising it wasn't pack being a weekend.	4
6448	Pretty busy restaurant but which McDonald's isn't? I order food with the app and leave happy :)	5
6449	"This location is a dangerous place with a dark history. Avoid it if you can. If you decide to go keep your wallet and pocket book close and stay alert!
They have a makeshift memorial on one of the tables with candles and flowers!!!"	1
6450	Too Many drugdealers/homeless people standing in front of the store and inside the store. The staffs are very rude and sanitation is below average.	1
6451	"It's a McDonald's it won't change your life, it won't fix your car and it certainly won't give you a steak dinner. But damn if they don't have the best fries in the business."	4
6452	service was decent. not to crowded when I got there.	3
6453	avoid going in the morning before 7 am you cannot even go in or out of the door with out stomping into a homeless person  cashiers not ready and mobile order system down cannot even get my order and the workers walk around like you don't even exist in the line	1
6454	McDonalds on 8th Ave & 34th st in NYC threw it down. Fresh food and fresh drinks Luke the Diet Coke wasn't flat??? Nice.	5
6455	Was little slow but food was okay	4
6456	Dirty! Strange people inside	1
6457	"This is always been one of my favorite places, but since the renovation it is a more stylish,  user-friendly place to enjoy a delicious meal."	4
6458	Well i like it in general . the coffee is very nice and also ice cream these are the two favorite things in MCDONALD'S	4
6459	They always get my friday coffee order incorrectly when i order at the register. Best use the selfserve machine.	3
6460	Dirty on the inside. Tables were filthy. Typical McDonald's with all types of sketchy people roaming it. Dangerous as well due to the drug induced people inside causing  commotion	1
6461	It was just ok... no restroom...u can pay only electronic. Have kiosk to give order but no place to see the menu. People at counter not so polite	4
6462	At one time this was the best place to eat I eat here often years ago just came to see what has change and I can say it's the worst while it's clean not a good or safe place to be any more	1
6463	"The two times i went there for lunch my fries where stale and there is a bunch or ppl from some rehab near by that sits in there and trys to sell stuff or arguing with each other , security is there but doesn't do a good enough job in my opinion"	2
6464	Worst McDonalds I've ever been to. Just awful customer service. We did go in after 10pm but it took 20 minutes to get the meal. Staff were busy joking around and messed up so many peoples orders.	1
6465	Order correct.  Food hot.  Quick service.	5
6466	High volume location and usually good food and lively crowds.  You can enjoy a quick meal and be on your way.	4
6467	Service is good but you get harraesd by bums here. Security does nothing to get them out.	3
6468	Service is very fast and efficient.  Place is clean  and not too crowded.  Excellent customer service	5
6469	"I go to McDonald's just to use the deals I get in mcd app.
They are awesome
1$ any size coffee
is hard to beat anywhere
That's what this place provides

Simply awesome"	5
6470	"This place on 8th Ave it is something completely special. A special mess. Always crowded (24/24), orders come slowly but staff is friendly."	4
6471	Needed an egg mcmuffin ... Used machine ... 4 minutes later it was hot and melting in my mouth	3
6472	Always good. Great prices.	5
6473	The employees were super helpful and nice. The service was very quick as well!	5
6474	"Dirty and unkempt. Limited staff around so tables not cleaned.
Seems to be a popular place for the homeless to visit."	1
6475	"Very poor management if they be open at the time they say they're supposed to open it says 24 hours and I was hoping to stop by and get a quick breakfast before going to work but then they are closed but why even say you're open 24 hours if you're closed, not only that there are always homeless people infested at the doors here so I wouldn't recommend anyone going here"	1
6476	Love the ambiance of it my coffee was hot staff was very nice but alot  was missing	3
6477	"Centrally located. Free Wifi, good service. Great food. Can not sit for long. Watch out for security guys."	4
6478	"We went at 2am, and even though there were less than 5 other people in the restaurant we waited 25 minutes for our food with no explanation. Food was fine but the wait was horrible."	1
6479	Service is pretty fast for someone who wants to just grab something to eat and leave in a hurry.	4
6480	They have police officers for security.  The decoration's place is pretty. Long time waiting for service.	3
6481	"That's mc donald food, we weren't waiting for amazing food but I've put only three s because when we order, with connected screens, receive you a number who don't mean anything so you don't know when your food is ready"	3
6482	"Asked for sriracha sauce, was confirmed that they had it. Yet when we got to the hotel, there was none in the bag. Quite disappointed."	2
6483	"Always a lil drama... I pre-order from the app.. Get in, get out."	3
6484	The restrooms so bad but the customer service  very good	3
6485	Waste of my monwy	2
6486	"Place cleaned up since renovation. Self order machines, fast service. Same old clientele still coming from surrounding area."	3
6487	mc donlad	3
6488	"Do you really need to be reading a review of McDonald's? Customer service and McFlurry availability is hit or miss, but the food is the same as any other McDonald's anywhere in the US, except that one that still has pizza."	2
6489	Remember this place ones doing uber. Clean quick and McDonald's wants all there places to be the same while fitting in with the environment.	4
6490	"Not my kind of place, besides I stopped eating all red meat, unless it's organic or grass-fed beef"	2
6491	I got an vanilla milk shake and it was watery and warm not good it taste more like vanilla milk from the gallon.	1
6492	McDonald's is something I grew up on and I can never get tired of there bansna strawberry smoothie            	5
6493	Very fast with your order. Great coffee. They make it exactly as asked. Love going here.	5
6494	"We all know this fast food chain, it is very popular and has good coffee"	3
6495	service was good only problem was with my drink but I'm glad they reimbursed me	4
6496	Rude staff - doesn                           t want to wor	1
6497	Uggg why do I even bother with McD's it is always like playing the lottery where you lose more than you win.	3
6498	Great services and Food Menus	5
6499	Food is fantastic. But it's so many homeless people inside and bathrooms are so dirty and no toilet paper...	3
6500	I liked the $3.00 Bundle and the diet coke refill. Crowded on a Friday before the lunch menu ted.	5
6501	OMG can't say enough how Amazing the food and service is.     	5
6502	Staff is always friendly and the bathrooms are always clean. As far as a McDonalds this should be the gold standard.	5
6503	"Its a mess , u order a u get b after 20 mins  when in NYC my advise would be go a a food truck and have delicious meal with peace of mind"	1
6504	"Disgusting! It's by far the worst MCD in the area. Filthy tables, people high on methadone, police activity... Horrible, avoid at all costs, especially if you have children."	1
6505	Good place	5
6506	There customer service is slow you always have to ask them for napkins and ketchup and always messing up my orders	1
6507	Managed a good morning crowd with good time between order and getting the meal. Appropriately polite too.	4
6508	"Came here twice as staying opposite, first time was poor but gave them the benefit of the doubt...unfortunately. Rude and ignorant staff...very unhelpful"	1
6509	"Requested a frying with no salt they give me one more salt,had to go to the Canta for ketchup up then have to go back again naken they did not  had none available by their soda stand"	1
6510	"My son enjoyed the milkshake, but the AC wasn't working right. Place was hot and uncomfortable."	3
6511	I love McDonald's coffee and this place has really fast service and very kind people working here...	5
6512	It feels a little disorganized... but your order does come up on average about the same time if u had put in your order by standing in a line.	4
6513	"Bad service, cold food. I didn't get my complete order and had guide the staff multiple times to complete the order."	2
6514	Fast food. Emphasis on fast. Holy moly does this specific location have it all figured out... They gave me my order in like 30sec	4
6515	Just tell them no salt on fries u can get fresh ones add ur own	4
6516	Mobile Communication problems to order the food. Dirty and to many homeless people sometimes you scare to walk inside	1
6517	Slow service.   Barely warm food.  Lobby dirty.  Order kiosks to replace human jobs.	1
6518	No long wait/ Good service	4
6519	Fast food at it's best but the amount of regular homeless people I see in the McDonald's is crazy. This location seriously needs security.	4
6520	"Dirty restaurant,  burgers were horrible. Sad how McDonald's levels are so poor ."	1
6521	"A bit slow, but perfectly adequate. It's McDonald's, a chain so have reasonable expectations. They do mccafe at least"	4
6522	A major transformation every thing is new they got 8 monitors to order from plus 4 registers pretty fast  and a ATM.    Half a block from 34th with subway rite there	4
6523	A lot of drug users were hanging around inside. I did not feel safe.	1
6524	"DO NOT EAT THIS TRASH. IT'S NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE. DO YOUR BODY A FAVOR AND WALK RIGHT PAST. YOU MAY AS WELL EAT OFF THE GROUND, IT'S HEALTHIER."	1
6525	Love as reminder same stor from movie Coming to Amirca 1982	5
6526	Was to crowded. We went elsewhere.	3
6527	"This place is open 24hrs, and their service is good              "	5
6528	Better service and security now so no more drug dealers and addicts taking over	3
6529	"My order came through fast, and good. So win win"	5
6530	Don                           t say you     	1
6531	"It's probably the worst McDonald's I've ever seen. Disgusting, dirty lousy staff. A complete nogo.."	1
6532	Bathroom needed to be clean more consistently.  Cashiers were nice though.	3
6533	The dirtiest McDonald's I have every ate in. I saw inside drunk and homeless people even if there is a security guard inside. Not good for families.	1
6534	"Close to Amtrak station.  20 dollars for lunch, not bad for NYC.  Yea McDonald's."	4
6535	The ice creams machine was working so I'm a happy camper.	5
6536	"Skip this Mcdonalds unless you are about to fall out due to a low glycemic index.
Food can be chewed with mouth. That's one pro I guess"	3
6537	More homeless people than paying customers... Yo could I have a fry  yes you may a quarter apiece how does it feel	1
6538	Their customer service was excellent as if you were at a five-       	3
6539	Wayyyyyyy to busy for me as a tourist just to get chicken nuggets for a Toddler butttttttt then again it was a Saturday night lol	1
6540	"The food was not hot, plus staff  need to talk to customers  better ."	2
6541	"Although the place was packed, the service was very fast"	5
6542	Very in consistent  salad contains rotting lettuce  noone ever answers the phone to call and complain wet spots all over the floor dirty and unorganized	1
6543	"The night crew is the worst, slowest staff ever in the history of Shitdonalds. 25mins to take orders from 5 people."	1
6544	Just like any other McDonald's and thats a good thing. You always know what you are going to get	3
6545	"Nothing has changed with McDonald's, I didn't even order food I ordered a latte and they couldn't even get my order correctly. Smh!"	1
6546	Terrible service. Not very clean place. Can often feel unsafe after hours.	1
6547	It is one of the more modern type of McDonald's with the smart order machines and overall an attractive appeal.	5
6548	Food was fine but the homeless nearly ted a brawl in the dining room.	2
6549	"Well..Its just convenient, great location, and food was ok"	3
6550	"The women bathroom doors didn't close,  and they were for dirty . There were long lines to order food that was unorganized and crowded."	2
6551	Regular vist... I like the kiosk option	3
6552	Terrible. I have ordered my food and after 15 mins the security came on me saying that I should finish and leave soon because I cant occupy the chair for too long	1
6553	Doesn't open 24hrs. Tables gotta get cleaned but employees just spend time chatting	2
6554	If it the one on 34th St and 8th ave. Very busy but affective service. Fast paced good service.	4
6555	Worst mc donald's ever! Poor customer service and they mess up your orders.  Every time	1
6556	"The place is busy, we needed to wait for a table and the bathrooms are a mess but for to solve a problem fast wirh food or bathroom is good."	3
6557	Hell no...first if you get your food cuz the wait is ridiculous. This location is a mess ....	1
6558	"Great staff,fantastic food hot and tasty staff very helpful and friendly"	5
6559	It's ok.  The staff can be a bit more friendly to customers.	3
6560	Shittyy slow service	1
6561	Too crowded and not enough workers. The workers are so tired that they forget orders and screams to the customers.	1
6562	"Food was good , service was shocking"	3
6563	"Food and service are good, but pickpockets abound! Be very alert or avoid the 8th Avenue  McDonald's near 34th street!"	3
6564	Staff was very friendly and fast no pun intended	4
6565	Poor service had to wait 1 hours for fast food place is a mess and never clean	1
6566	Food tastes like a absolute trash	1
6567	"Customer service isn't the best. And don't attempt the 24 hours route. They'll have you waiting, but standing at the window"	2
6568	"Busy, prices higher than most McDonald's, typical of the city. Easy to find seating."	3
6569	Great restaurant. Lacks staff at certain hours to kick beggers out	3
6570	"Orders are served really quick.

If you are a lazy pazy you can also order on Uber eats."	4
6571	First time ever here and last. I've never had a fish filet taste so bad	1
6572	Loving the $1 Beverages with assorted flavor's. Very competitive price in NYC.	5
6573	"Away from home we enjoyed a big breakfast and it hit the spot, tasty, filling, and reasonable, too!"	4
6574	"Good food, friendly service but a bit messy."	4
6575	"It's been alright, but there are times when they have vagrants hanging around making the place less pleasant to eat there."	3
6576	"Very crowded, always. Tough to find a seat. Otherwise, food is same as any other McDonald's."	3
6577	They messed up my order. And they are slow. And alot of loud mouth drug addicts was in there making noise	1
6578	The food is good but the place to to be clean more often	4
6579	"Such an ""interesting"" crowd of regulars hang out here. I go for my egg mcmuffin and to people watch."	3
6580	Its just ok for my kids. I can't stand the atmosphere with the homeless hanging out there	3
6581	This establishment is disgusting when it comes receiving a request from the customer ant getting the customer order wrong or incomplete or not having food offered on the menus every single time it's one or the other when it come to this place it can't just be me	1
6582	"Great place to eat, and great staff too. Nice atmosphere to eat on the go."	4
6583	"Food was fast (as expected), good, hot and the bathroom was clean    "	4
6584	Some of the staff would be more friendlier. But overall it is a nice place to get food.	4
6585	Absolutely disgusting. There was not one clean table in the entire store.	1
6586	"Good food, but very crowded with strange individuals."	4
6587	Food was cold fries hard as a stick chicje nuggets hard and col            	1
6588	Was unable to order deals on the menu.	3
6589	It's a good place to go and hang out nice and relaxing and good service	5
6590	"They could never get your order right, I had to go back there twice once, for a triple cheeseburger, they kept giving me a double cheeseburger."	1
6591	"Full of homeless people, there were no napkins, this was the worst mcdonalds I've ever been."	2
6592	Dining area closed after 8pm but the McD is 24hrs	4
6593	"Drug dealers and users right outside. Although the was a security guard at the door, it was not reassuring."	3
6594	Great customer service. Not all McDonald's are the same anymore.	5
6595	Moderately clean place with limited seating at night. Has kiosks to place orders.	4
6596	Nasty to many homeless person inside	2
6597	Was so close of my hotel a the service was pretty good and so fast	5
6598	    slow and it's supposed to be a 24 hour spot  but they lock the doors with garbage bags	2
6599	Friendly employees great location wasn't too far from Megabus pick up.	5
6600	"Stopped over for a coffee. The restrooms were locked and when the janitor did open them, she was kind of rude."	2
6601	"Do you know the 3 and 7 ? You said 3, but it was 7, and 7 of course took it away. So where is my 3? it took me another 20 mins."	1
6602	It was ok.  Didn't like the fact they put garlic mayo on my chicken burger. Didn't even know what a chicken legend was.      	2
6603	There always packed but they give you fresh food.	4
6604	Good service try to avoid sitting near the auto doors tho Brr	4
6605	I find McD to be small and dirty in NYC.  This one is better than most. Service was quick.	4
6606	"Very busy, tables not cleaned , bathroom dirty  and doors not locking, service was fast"	2
6607	Thanks alot great food great service	5
6608	Could have better costumer service during the night hours	3
6609	Tables were dirty and system of calling orders made me feel like i was in a meat market.	3
6610	worst mc donalds  i ever seen.very dirty and  to many drug people.was kinda scared  to be inside there	1
6611	"It's a McDonald's, not much to it. Clean, good location. Not particularly spacious."	4
6612	It's ok except for the security who makes you uncomfortable and rushes you to eat your food fast.	1
6613	Unfriendly Employees including the manager. The food did NOT taste right/ but stale.. A very WEIRD McDonald's..	2
6614	Typical Mickey D food. Lots of homeless people. I wouldn't want my kids exposed to that.	2
6615	"Good food and very clean, near time square area"	5
6616	"This location is usually fairly comparatively, but the staff is always professional"	3
6617	"The staff are a congregate of the uneducated and ignorant, not to mention the array of drug addicts and homeless deviants that gather outside."	1
6618	It's in a convenient location on 8th Ave.	5
6619	Watch ur pocket and get the lowlife of there.	3
6620	Possibly the worst McDonalds Ive ever visited.  The place was dirty and the food was cold.	1
6621	Went in with a coupon for a premium sandwich. Got it. It was fresh and I was happy.	4
6622	"Very slow service, the managers and workers do more talking then working."	4
6623	The mc do experience on time square.. nice to try though the place is always crowded and not really clean..	4
6624	Nice staff but I dont recomand to anybody to eat Macdo food.	1
6625	I work at the Verizon Building and Micky D's is a few blocks away. Can get crowded during Lunch Hour	4
6626	"Just like any other MacDonalds, but unlike any other place in that neighborhood, they have a restroom for customers. OK coffee, too."	5
6627	I find it satisfying here. The staff are always friendly to customers	5
6628	very dirty bathroom the place it self had a lot of homeless people hang out their .	2
6629	It's a mcdonalds! You know what you are going to get.  This one had more than it fair share of homeless and you had to queue to get the key for the bathroom	3
6630	Quick service in a decidedly busy area	4
6631	MacDonald's was great. 8 th Ave. And 34th. St. Fast service great take out.	5
6632	Quick service. A lot of workers. So close to MSG:)	5
6633	Management and Staff there are very mannerly quick to resolve any issues	5
6634	Ok	3
6635	No restroom available. Closed to public. We had a breakfast and it was very expensive and not really tasty. We were disappointed.	1
6636	Great food tasty and all Fast service.	5
6637	A good McDonald's but seems like there is a lot of drug activity going on around and inside the premises.	4
6638	Some woman that I don't know was in the bathroom dressed inappropriately and stayed in the bathroom the whole time since I didn't see her come out	2
6639	"To many homeless and junkie hanging in there.....yuk
No place to sit

Terrible management"	1
6640	Only go to Mc donalds for the ATM the food is garbage Atm is free depending on your bank	3
6641	"Fast food place, and they have a security officer. This means you will be safe. I guess"	4
6642	This is the worst Mcdonald I've  ever been to the food is old and the fries is burnt	1
6643	This place really SUCKS! I mainly use it for their wifi but in general I hate Mcdonald's.	1
6644	Well it's McDonald's not much to say. Located just outside the train Hall .	5
6645	"Its child hood memories in any mc Donald's, they are awesome"	5
6646	I come here to do homework very friendly and family oriented place.	5
6647	A great place if you got the drunk munchies at 3 in the morning	4
6648	Very fast and efficient.	5
6649	"Good service, nice looking, but infested with junkies & weirdos."	3
6650	Horrible service didn't give me what I ordered	1
6651	"Nice place, friendly staff and I love their foods"	4
6652	Always been a favorite.  Love the burgers!	4
6653	"Very cosy,Very clean and fast service thank you again"	5
6654	I mean its McDonald                           s and it also closed do	1
6655	             McDonald's is good for drinks not much else... Yeah I said it.             	1
6656	Great I took my girl to get something to eat	5
6657	To many homeless people coming in begging	3
6658	Bad wifi	4
6659	"Bartholomew was the best security ever.
Thank you so much!"	5
6660	They gave me  sandwich had a bite . I wouldn't came again.	1
6661	same as the others as far as food. patron-wise... lots of interesting characters in and around	3
6662	had the great butter chicken burger n fries which taste really good	5
6663	Needs to be kept cleaner especially as a place that sells food.	3
6664	It's very dirty but at least the food is decent enough.	2
6665	A good place to get food but is a little crowded	5
6666	Disgusting McDonald's. There managers are dating employee's and there's an employee who was fired for walking up to a customer and almost hitting him and got rehired. Terrible customer service	1
6667	Big Mac with extra sauce and pickles    	4
6668	A high quality example of McDonald's. There is a small play area outside.	5
6669	Lights very dim in the bathroom and the tables are very dirty	1
6670	Great service. Usually very Quick and clean :)!	4
6671	Too much mayo in one burger not fair and staff is not attentive takes time to deliver the order (which is not great)	3
6672	This location...very busy. Had to return my food because is was cold and hard. Ok service.	3
6673	It a place you can get something quick to eat	3
6674	Ok	3
6675	Its better when you haven't  had it in a while	5
6676	Some of the workers there are too rude and unprofessional.	3
6677	Friendly staff. Food is way better than SouthAfrican McDonald's.	4
6678	Quick service. No mistakes on my order.	4
6679	"Handled the lunch crowd well. For the price, good food."	4
6680	Good place to take a break of the walking	5
6681	"The food was good, but I thought I was in a methodone clinic."	1
6682	Not open 24 hours apparently. Came by marathon Sunday morning only to be told it was closed by security.	1
6683	I ordered a meal by Uber and when I received it the orange juice was missing	1
6684	"Good food  ,but PPL mess it up 4 others by hanging out there when PPL eating.."	4
6685	"Very slow staff (not all), when ordering. Food is as expeteced at mcd."	2
6686	Same ol' same ol'. Extremely fast. Reasonable price. Same quality every day.	5
6687	Good security & the place was clean & clutter free	4
6688	Not bad fast service.	5
6689	Real dirty. Sketchy people.	2
6690	Clean neat place security guard was helping when I want to sit down in upstairs.	3
6691	Horrible food is low quality	1
6692	"Good price quick service, very nasty security"	4
6693	Nice and qick place	5
6694	This is the cool place to enjoy fast food in a group or alone.	4
6695	Nothing special compared to the other buildings around the worls whixh dwarf it.	1
6696	"Very dirty, I tried to get some water and they told me I wasn      "	1
6697	Ok food. Ok service. Too many homeless people asking for $	3
6698	Place is great during the day. After 8pm place is short staff and messy.	3
6699	"Nice place, really liked the self-ordering machine."	4
6700	Quick service and the food was hot and tasty.	4
6701	Service is quick place is clean.	5
6702	I see they got security now to keep the homeless people from sleeping on the chairs that paying customers need to sit and eat.	3
6703	Best unhealthy food elegant and good service	5
6704	"Service was good, but to many druggies hanging out"	2
6705	The attention is the worst. It makes you feel like you were in Manhattan!!	1
6706	"This is my joint!!! Great for my other homeless peeps, what a world we live in!"	5
6707	Good customer service but the fries were soggy not crispy. Booo	4
6708	slow and bad service. milk shake was like drinking milk. poorly made	2
6709	There food is ok but the place is always surrounded by addicts.	4
6710	"Great service horrible atmosphere
Like times square in 1982"	2
6711	What happened to the employees being happy... Sad just said....	2
6712	Service is okay but it's a small place so sometimes it gets overcrowded	4
6713	Fast and clean. What you'd expect from a good McDonald's.	5
6714	Cool staff who make the best out of terrible situations.	4
6715	The cafe is just as good as any other place.	5
6716	Great food and really cook good and great service	5
6717	Very clean place I love it. The staff is very professional.	4
6718	"Dirty, slow, no vegan options at all"	1
6719	Very busy and loud	3
6720	Mcdonalds is always fast and good ! Better than burger king	5
6721	Too many addicts sitting/standing blocking doorway can't come in or out.	2
6722	"Regarding service and efficiency of their business, Mcdonald's deserve 4s."	4
6723	Place near subway and good for quick eats. Awesome food	4
6724	"They advertise being 24 hours, but are turning customers away during late night."	1
6725	It's decent and proud if how they handled the pandemic.	5
6726	Not bad. Could be cleaner.	4
6727	Always good service at least for me !	5
6728	Always will love mickey D's!!!	5
6729	Prices are very similar in every state thumbups	4
6730	"Too many heroin addicts taking up customer seating, not ordering food, just hanging out."	1
6731	The food is good service here was nice	5
6732	The employee were all over the place. Items were missing on my order	3
6733	"I did not like the food here, service was great though."	2
6734	I ordered the all day breakfast and it was stale. Hard around the edges.	1
6735	Good service ..fat food .. nice staff .	5
6736	Be very prayerful and careful in this area.. HIGHLY DRUG INFESTED    	1
6737	"Fish sandwich, French fries,and chocolate shake is always on the money."	5
6738	Friendly staff and fast food prep.	5
6739	Went to use the ladies room. Thank you for your clean restroom.	5
6740	Not many options but McDonald's quality is there.	4
6741	Filthy and smelly place	1
6742	HORRIBLE SERVICE. LIKE REALLY BAD. GO OUT OF YOUR WAY AND FIND ANOTHER NEARBY MCDONALDS	1
6743	Nice cozy environment but no drink refills	4
6744	Rehabbed and drive through has been made easier.	4
6745	Crew is slow and unorganized.	3
6746	too many crazy loud screaming street people. very dirty.	1
6747	The food sucks. Makes me want to Throw up. What happened to the old McDonald's?	1
6748	Great fast service.  Location is quite busy	4
6749	"Have They Reimbursed The Original McDonald Brothers' Families Yet  ?
Billions And Billions Sold."	1
6750	Never even got to place my order	1
6751	"Very crowded, very nasty, full of homeless people begging for money."	1
6752	One of the best McDonald's I've ever been to	5
6753	It may have a section that is not to be desired but at least there's security present.	3
6754	"Its mcdonalds alright, quick and tasty"	5
6755	I bought medium latte with caramel  they give me ice coffee	3
6756	I order two cone ice cream and 2 fries they serve ice cream first and too lait serve fries so my ice cream melt badly before eat	3
6757	"Great service, lines was a little long though!"	5
6758	Staff is surly not clean druggies in the bathroom	2
6759	Open all night but lots of homeless people hanging out trying to sleep	4
6760	I like going to McDonald's for their coffee drinks and the dollar drinks. I don't eat there.	2
6761	They serve good breakfast friendly people!	3
6762	Too many homeless people sleeping inside .Restroom nasty not cleaned !	2
6763	If You go at night time. There are alot of people just hanging around. It disgust me sometimes.	2
6764	"Pretty location. Regular service, nothing memorable."	3
6765	They got our order wrong and all of the touch screens were down.	3
6766	You can never go wrong with fast food	5
6767	This McDonald's features high technology and food on par with their other locations	5
6768	Quarter pounder needed to be microwaved as soon as I got it.	2
6769	Bad location. Unfortunately this place is taken over by homeless and beggars.	2
6770	I would rate lower but omg the ambiance of this place is BAD!!!!! Stay away!!!!!!	1
6771	Well they have problem with order to receive time mostly because of crowd.	2
6772	McDonald's is always consistent..clean gwik ..and convenience	4
6773	Pretty good food and very busy	5
6774	A little slow but great food	5
6775	Great service from the employees.	5
6776	Very crowded atmosphere Karma there are a lot of food order Mix-Ups	3
6777	Horrible service always in the McDonald's on 34th and 8th.	1
6778	Sometimes they are very slow. Staff is very nice.	3
6779	8th ave n 35t to many people hanging out there smokin crack in bathroom	3
6780	Buh duh dah deeh doooh I'm loving it now with bacon	5
6781	Good service from girls	5
6782	Love Caramel Frappe!!	5
6783	"Too many ""smelly"", people. Lots of chairs. Oftentimes crowded."	3
6784	They don't take directions well	1
6785	I had to throw away the sausage because it was old and dried out.	1
6786	Overly unhealthy.   Customer service was very good.	3
6787	Fast courteous service Great food	5
6788	Loving their vanilla shake	5
6789	They really need to clean this place out from these crackheads that just lingere there	1
6790	My mocca was terrible and I had to wait 15min for it I will never go back	1
6791	Convenient. Great location no complaint	4
6792	Very crowded. There special deals are good.	3
6793	Got our order wrong.  Couldn't complete our order using the kiosk.	3
6794	I always liked                  	5
6795	1st experience was great	5
6796	"It's generally an okay McDonald's branch. There can be rowdy crowds, though."	5
6797	"Excellent service, works perfect"	5
6798	Wait for the bus. Some times good. Some times very bad.	4
6799	Took awhile but was in point	4
6800	But my child almost  got taking away from me  bc of a homeless  man	3
6801	Not very fast and no personality from there workers	3
6802	Gross	1
6803	Fast food	3
6804	Typical McDonald's but food quality is good.	4
6805	2 for 7 taste good when you hungry	5
6806	Too many delinquents hang around	3
6807	"Great place, except for no vegan burger :("	2
6808	"Ok, but kind of slow."	4
6809	Didn't have to get too close to actual people	5
6810	Reasonably fast service for lunch in midtown	3
6811	It was completely crowded and dirty.	3
6812	"Awesome and courteoues. 34th a
nd 8"	5
6813	I use the drive thru.	5
6814	A little slow but worth the wait.	4
6815	I like it... Who wouldn't it has wi-fi      	4
6816	Cashier was a great help with my McD app.	4
6817	This  is not good there price is different from all the other McDonald's very expensive	2
6818	Good place	4
6819	"Full of drug addicts and homeless people, I was there on a Saturday for a coffee and left immediately."	1
6820	can you please fire those  Spanish managers RUDE AND   DONT KNOW  CUSTOMER SERVICE	1
6821	It was very dirty. Not cleaned. Food cold	1
6822	Disgusting display of mediocrity and childish behavior from both employees and security.	3
6823	Okay ...... garbage containers really needed to be emptied throughout the store	3
6824	I love the way this store is set up	5
6825	Slow many mistakes on orders and all public outlets are broken	1
6826	They don't  provide refill service. And burger without onions.	2
6827	"Good Service, good food, and caring staff."	5
6828	The service is ok and the stuff are trying to keep it moving	4
6829	Finely a place that uses Hot milk for my coffee	5
6830	"beautiful customer service, and beautiful people as well      "	5
6831	Very slow and has a dirty dining area	3
6832	Was good but need to cook the bacon	2
6833	Very fast service	4
6834	If you need a bite to eat and you're in a hurry stop at McDonald's is the place to be	5
6835	It's always over crowded but service is fast	3
6836	The guard that works in there be harasses me every day I go in there I can't even enjoy my meal	1
6837	There kiosks were broken and service extremely slow	3
6838	Fresh jalapeno poppers in the am. Thank you.	5
6839	Service not good only good thing was desserts	1
6840	No change on food standard from other Mac restaurant.  Few people comes in and asks for help or money	3
6841	It was ok as any other McDonald's I've seen in Brooklyn.	4
6842	Who doesn't like the classic fries	4
6843	Food was on time. Never seen a McDonald's with police inside	3
6844	Ghetto	2
6845	Average for a McDonalds. Nothing special about it. Was a bit dirty ehrn I was there.	4
6846	"Okay but too many homeless in the back area, by the bathrooms"	3
6847	Love the service. Extremely fast effective.	5
6848	Some workers are so anger and do not attend in a good way	2
6849	Cold food n salty	1
6850	It is nice to see people working together.	5
6851	Needs twice the security and not very clean	2
6852	"Same as everywere, i don't like mc donalds...."	2
6853	Too much old foodie's serve here.	4
6854	Really busy but the food was fresh	4
6855	Very clean and fast!	5
6856	Fast service considering how busy it gets.	5
6857	Super fast service	4
6858	it's bad customer  some need to be no tr allowed in this place.	3
6859	Dirty place yet no complaints on the food	3
6860	I just went and brought ice cream I don't eat McDonalds	3
6861	Always a good spot for a quick bite	3
6862	It was horrible when I was growing now its 10 times worse	1
6863	A good quick meal at a decent price.	5
6864	"Great food, little crowded"	5
6865	Too many drug addicts and service was poor	1
6866	Have goo bathroom and you can have iced coffe	1
6867	Better and cleaner than I thought it would be.	2
6868	"Sketchy af, but decent quality food"	3
6869	I save alot of money when using the McDonalds App about 50%	3
6870	They move slow never get order correct	3
6871	Get in and get out as fast as you can.	3
6872	large carmel frappe my favorite any time of the day	5
6873	Maybe the dirtiest Mc Donalds I have ever seen	1
6874	In and out super friendly and quick	4
6875	Clean and great service (fast)	4
6876	Clean but always someone using drugs outside.	4
6877	Food n service was great	5
6878	Not The Cleanest Mcdonalds Spot ive visit	4
6879	Speedy service need more restrooms.	3
6880	Old chiken nd so many baggers inside the Macdonald....	2
6881	"Its a McDonald's! It was clean, friendly and there was seating."	4
6882	Great spot in Midtown	5
6883	Is good like fish fillet and nuggets	4
6884	To many ppl and manager was very rude	3
6885	Great crispy chicken sandwich!	5
6886	Busy place to grab a quick  bite.	3
6887	Homeless people ruin the air...seriously you guys need to do something	1
6888	Good place. Nice and clean.	3
6889	So so convenient and the service is excellent.	5
6890	Super	5
6891	I'm so happy with the  service	5
6892	food is always cold and the service is horrible	1
6893	Not a fan of McDonald's.  This one was not real clean	2
6894	Mc flurry oreo was the best.	5
6895	The restrooms have alot to be desired	1
6896	Food ok   	4
6897	Great fresh french fries  	5
6898	McChickens were expensive for some reason. I don't like it.	2
6899	Fast food is no good. Unhealthy	1
6900	Amazing food thanks again adios.	5
6901	Security guardand staff  was high!	1
6902	Buttermilk chickem was overcooked but everything else was great	4
6903	Good place with lots of seats.	5
6904	A lot of drug addict's in this area... Must watch your back in this area	1
6905	The food was very very very good	5
6906	Everything was well and clean.	4
6907	My kids enjoyed their meal	4
6908	You just can't expect much more from this place.	4
6909	Love their ice cream.	5
6910	Always busy But it's in good condition	3
6911	Most terrible MC Donald's I've ever visited	1
6912	"Small place, good service.."	3
6913	"Nice staff, fast service."	4
6914	Full of undesirables. Don't bring kids here.	1
6915	Coffee can only be had cheaper made at home.	5
6916	Love those fries with cheese and bacon!	4
6917	Awful.  Very hot. Overcrowd.	1
6918	Crowded dirty not a place that I would recommend	1
6919	"Nice,cozy and AWESOME ..          "	5
6920	Glad the bathroom was open and clean	4
6921	Worst hang out for homeless and problematic people	1
6922	Fast service and friendly	5
6923	Very good    	4
6924	Fast service. Lots of seating options	4
6925	They got my order right 100%	5
6926	One of the worst McD's i ever visited	1
6927	Not as clean or well organized as most McDonald's.	2
6928	Nice renovation. Slow service.	3
6929	My five year old favorite go to place.....	4
6930	Fast service and convenient location	5
6931	Not very clean.confusion.	1
6932	I suggest not going to fast food	1
6933	What can I say its MC Donald's	4
6934	"tasty, very fast order delivery"	4
6935	Very bad      	1
6936	Fast service under 5 minutes.	4
6937	I order vanila icecream was good	3
6938	Quik service and food was exellent	5
6939	Decent place. Works 24 hours.	4
6940	One of the best places to eat	3
6941	"Terrible services, long wait times."	1
6942	Took a long time to get food	3
6943	fuc# this place got harassed by junkies nice	1
6944	"Good service ,interesting clientele."	4
6945	Kinda dirty floors but ok	4
6946	Got my small order wrong       	2
6947	Its okay but not good for you	3
6948	Mickey Ds is always mickey ds. Lol	3
6949	Lots of homeless. Very creepy. DIRTY restroom.	1
6950	Place smells security staff is a joke	2
6951	Staff that is both courteous and knowledgeable.  Food always tastes fresh. I like that they have two ordering stations so that you can still enter and exit as quickly as feasible even during busy times. I always make sure to stop by and get at least a strawberry sundae whenever I'm in the neighborhood. It is worthwhile to visit the location to acquire a snack or meal.	5
6952	Love McDonald's. Been eating them since the Super Size days. Finally they have fresh beef burgers. Would you eat it this pink?	4
6953	"I never dine in but if I do eat here, it is through the drive thru. They always have great customer service which is really nice. The food sometimes is not so great. Either ingredients are missing (probably do to food outage) and sometimes my food is cold which is super undesirable. This place isn't bad, it could definitely improve."	4
6954	"Popular restaurant for people.
Location is convenient & parking is easy.
I use drive through most of the time.
Prices are a few cents than other locations in this area in some items (prices are varied with restaurant locations)."	4
6955	"Sometimes the closing hours are not reliable! I cant tell you how many times I've had to cancel an uber eats order for delivery because somewhere the order was accepted but this place was closed! Disappointing to the customer who was looking forward to that late night/wee hours of the morning food and infuriating to me because that's MY TIME wasted and money not going into MY pocket! aka not getting paid for delivery!

On a personal note, I've had MANY upon MANY confrontations with the people who give me the food - I ONLY drink REGULAR dr pepper and as an avid soda drinker since elementary school (now 51) I know the difference between regular and diet - it seems like if you come here after a certain hour, even though I've asked for REGULAR DR PEPPER, I always seem to get one that tastes like a diet one! I have had them give me 3 dr peppers in one drive thru order just to end up with something that clearly was NOT a regular one!!! In addition to having the attitudes checked from those that gave me BIG ATTITUDE for being so, I guess ""insistent that this was not regular dr pepper, I would also examine the machines when they run low or tell the employees not to outright LIE about giving me regular dr pepper just to keep $1.40 - which btw, I'm curious as to why I was charged $1.41 for a large at this location when I'm ALWAYS charged $1.40 at the one on mathilda!!!????"	2
6956	I like the fact it has longer hours then most of them. If only some of the employees that work drive thru were alittle more friendly. Instead of being short fused and somewhat rude.	4
6957	Worst service I                           ve ever had told em I couldn                           t pay at the screen where they have u order and I showed em my receipt and told me to wait cause he seem clueless on what to do didn                           t ask for help just stood there and told me my order will be ready and walked away and obviously Ik I still have to pay and ten minutes pass than 15min pass than I                           m like are u guys making my food and some lady like u didn                           t pay I                           m like obviously Tht what I told the last guy and she told me my food wasn                    Ewanna get him in trouble	1
6958	Best McDonald's I've ever been to.  Absolutely best double quarter pounder I've had at a fast food restaurant. I'm beyond impressed with the speed and quality I experienced here. I bit into my burger and thought I was anywhere other than McDonald's.  I was taken back by how great it tasted.	5
6959	"Dining room closes at 7pm.  No self serve beverages.  Don't understand that at all.  The food is still good though, just have to put some ketchup on a Big Mac.                             "	2
6960	"Burger patties were served to us rare through the drive through. Both mine and my husband                           s. I broke mine in half to show the picture.

Didn                           t find out until we got home, unable to go back out now. I tried calling just to let them know this issue may be reoccurring throughout the night but nobody answered the phone. I            "	1
6961	"Update (12-29-2022): I visited this location again around the same time and the food was hot and fresh. Ordered 60 chicken nuggets, 2 fries, 2 large drinks, and 10 apple pies. We had to wait 10 minutes for the pies which is understandable because they take awhile and they don't usually have that many of them just sitting around.

Went pretty late at night (close to 1 AM) and the fries were surprisingly hot and my Shamrock Shake wasn't melted. I did ordered using the app and had zero issues. It was an unusually pleasant McDonald's experience and I will be a repeat customer at this location."	5
6962	"I don't know how you've been called in 24 When I came to 3:30 in the morning it was 3 people in there and they say was close, How does a place advertise 24hr drive thru and only take cash after midnight. I don't see how corporate agreed with this."	2
6963	Ended with a caramel frap all over my cup holder. My burgers had MC sauce all over it like they dipped it into the sauce. Just be careful I know is fast food but my car ended up super messy after my small meal.	2
6964	"This store is so disorganized, plenty of people working not all that busy yet took 27 minutes to get food. I'm sure this is not the mcDonalds model."	2
6965	"Best and most consistent McDondals in the Bay Area. Their nuggets are always crispy, fries is always hot, and burgers are always juicy."	5
6966	This McDonald's is always fast and polite and they always get my order right.	5
6967	"Absolutely done with this location, I always seem to get the same woman at the drive-thru I don't know her name but I know her voice and she screws up every single time then when I try and correct her she gets mad and acts like it's my fault. I don't know if she's special needs or something or there's a learning disability or if she's hard of hearing I don't get it. And even lately when I hear it's her I actually make sure to enunciate clearly but it doesn't seem to help. The young man that I occasionally get is always on point he has never messed up an order. I'm guessing she is related to management or has incriminating photos or something. She has absolutely no people skills and I will not go back to this place"	2
6968	"New store technology and modern layout. Hope their food and service are at same level after the remodeling.

They forgot to replace the soda machine! Oh-ohh"	4
6969	"I have just bought two BigMacs, the first one contained no patties at all!"	1
6970	"Horrible!! It's cool that this McDonald's is a 24hr restaurant, BUT it's almost midnight with only one other customer and here I am, still waiting over 20+ minutes now!?? How slow can they be!? I can see 4 workers in here but that still don't explain this wait! These workers' sense of urgency is not there at all... Not even moving with any purpose! Maybe that is JUST the ""night""... So I hope."	1
6971	Manager was rude. We asked simple questions about prices and deals and responded with no empathy.	1
6972	"Waited in the dine-in area for about 15 mins for someone to take my order, workers pass by me and saw me and didn't even acknowledge me. Managers also pass by me and didn't even bother to ask if I was helped. Restaurant has ordering machines but there not working so you have to wait for any of the many workers there to acknowledge your existence at the restaurant to make a purchase. Will not be returning to this restaurant ever, rather take my money else where."	1
6973	"This McDonald's is open late, has two lines to order food through drive through. However, the speaker on the one I went to is a little low, and they got my order wrong. Luckily the staff member read back my order before I paid and I was able to correct it before I paid. Food was barely warm but well packed."	3
6974	Why is show online lite a time open I pay many time then I came here it         	1
6975	It claims to be 24 hours but when I stop by at 3:00 and 4 in the morning it's closed the cashier always tells me it's closed	1
6976	"Customer service needs work at this location. I came in during my lunch time to get a simple McChicken and fries and a drink. Stood at the register for about 10 to 12 mins waiting for one of the many employees walking pass me to deliver the orders outside. Once they finally notice me, they took my order. After I waited around another 15 more mins to get my order. I was gonna ask for BBQ sauce but decided I didn't wanna wait an extra 5 mins for that. Overall, this restaurant only prioritize the drive-thru and not the dine-in area. Dine-in area has no cashier available because everyone is focus on drive-thru. So many workers on the front but none on cashier. If your coming here for lunch hour order online or else your lunch hour might turn into only 20 min lunch with all the waiting you'll be doing here."	1
6977	This one McDonald's I find charging $2 for a large coffee everywhere else it is $1 for any size drink and the reason I go to McDonald's at all is because of the coffee but if they're going to double the price of the coffee then I may as well go to any 7-Eleven so I have to save this one particular McDonald's would not lower the price when I told him that it was $1 everywhere else. Arguing with a customer is not a good idea it would have been a better idea if she would have said I'm going to let it go this time but no they actually try to argue the point and I think that's silly the whole reason that I come there at all is because of the $1 coffee that is fairly good on a one to 10 scale I would say McDonald's coffee is it seven or eight with bucks being a 10 especially when they suggest you get the expresso shot that is $4.25 for the large coffee with the extra espresso shot from bucks and then there's creamer but that for dollar coffee is four times better than McDonald's one dollar coffee so you get what you pay for I just think McDonald's at that particular Stevens Creek location bites off customers	1
6978	"Late night service is mixed; they reset their registers at arbitrary times and they either are cash only or close the drive thru completely during this time. There seems to be no schedule, just depends on when they think it'll be slow it seems. Those inconsistencies aside, the food and service is typical McDonalds."	3
6979	Pulled up at 4am. Waited 15 min in drive thru   	1
6980	Very good as always and all the staff are very friendly specifically the manager Maria Villaviray.	5
6981	Do not ever go to this McDonald's. One of the most dysfunctional places I've ever seen.	1
6982	apparently if you ask for 2 cups of water here they will charge you for the 2nd cup    	1
6983	2nd time ordering a filet o fish meal in this store and it just tastes so bland the fries were cold and hard. Regret spending  my money here.	1
6984	"Items were frequently missed out, but  I get it, these people are slammed with orders, so you can't expect the orders to be 100% accurate everytime. But today, my little one got so mad when she found out her drink and apple slices from her HappyMeal were missing. I mean come on, you order a Happy meal and only get a burger with nothing to drink? (Well at least you managed to put a toy in so thank you for that) Not great! AND we were the only ones in line at that time, so they were not that busy I guess."	3
6985	"Lobby is always closed ,whan it's says is open 24 hrs"	1
6986	"If I could, I would give an absolute ""thumb's down"" to this embarrassing branch of a well-loved fast food franchise. NEVER will I return to it after being treated like a pariah. I was yelled at by the cashier who took the wrong order; and the branch manager threw a box of fries in the bag mumbling as if I was a beggar. In her condescending tone, the latter even warned me that she was doing me favor even though they made a mistake with my order and I did pay full price for it. I think they both need more trainings to acquire the best of American customer service."	1
6987	"I would have given 5 but, the lady (MNGR) that took my order got one item wrong & I did not notice until I was long gone! Also, the COVID headache is pretty much behind us but, for some odd reason this location still has a limited/restricted dining room, even to the point of closing it down completely at 3:00pm everyday! I can understand being cautious & prepared but, to use the pandemic as a way to justify limiting/restricting areas of an establishment  that we as patrons normally use on any normal/regular day is unprofessional, inconvenient & just a way for them to make it easier to keep clean & one less thing to be done when it comes to closing down for the night!
However, though this ranting & raving I am doing in this post, I still get good customer service there when I do go for a quick & easy meal! & Their drive thru is  conveniently open 24 hrours"	4
6988	"That day I brought the kids having activities in South Bay Santa Clara. After the event, I tried to bring the kids to mcd.i went two and they both closed at 6pm. At least the south city mcd dining room opens till 10pm."	4
6989	Not good the drive thru they cannot manage who go first on the drive thru. And they talking like a frog they cannot hear even you shout. And when your to get the serve look around not doing his job properly	1
6990	"Food hasn                           t changed, but the ordering app makes these necessary visits less painful. You still have to deal with those in front of yo"	3
6991	"The food was great with the exception of the fries. They were stale and I would have gone back around and had them replaced, but the guy at the drive-thru window was annoyingly slow and the rest of the food would have been borked. The hamburger made up for it though, did you see the greasy heart attack waiting to happen?

Just an FYI, mobile ordering saved absolutely zero time at this location. We still had to go to the drive-thru and wait and they didn't have anything ready so unless you just like ordering from an app, don't bother.

I would still recommend eating here. YMMV on the staff at any fast food restaurant. Sure this guy was somewhat annoying by being slow but he wasn't intentionally being a jerk or anything."	3
6992	Not 24 hours. Exposed. Change your hours	1
6993	"The soda machine wasn't functioning so they had to get your drink from the one behind the counter, the self order kiosks were all down, ordering took a little bit longer due to one cashier."	2
6994	"Overall looks like it's falling apart. Ice cream machine broken half the time, mcflurry machine couldn't mix in the Oreos, roof is leaking..."	2
6995	Service was great but the chicken inside sandwiches were really not well. I had bad stomach for almost 3 days	1
6996	Service is lousy and I tried to call number to complain to manager and no one answers/no voicemail.	1
6997	"No hot mocha in the morning! Why is coffee with chocolate milk so difficult? Simple, fast food Mickey D's. C'mon now."	3
6998	"Bad service, I place order online and want to pick it by curbside, but they said the order isn          "	1
6999	"They did not give us straws! we had to go back through the Drive-Thru and wait in a big line of cars... has 2 lanes for ordering and was actually pretty busy. They were a the on the slow site, but we just figured it was all the people coming back to get their straws. other than that it was just your regular McDonald's experience. very grateful it was open though. since covid you don't find to many 24 hrs. locations that still actually stay open all night as hours state. That in itself is a whole different issue and honestly very difficult to figure out without driving down an unlit window on a drive-thru with a sign stating ""we're open 24 Hours.."" I gave it a 4 because food was warm and fresh, and drinks were on point except luck of a straw."	4
7000	"I have been living in this city for the last 3 years , I took the decision to make a quick stop and get something to eat , wouuu food 5 special the coffee,  perfect coffee but the customer service wouuu 1  is not enough ( the indian lady that I think is the manager ) terrible customer service and she was so rude with this customer that requeted and ketchup ... they really need to improve that..."	1
7001	"Friendly service, but sometimes they have young people taking orders that have no manners. Overall, quick and fast for lunch hour**"	3
7002	"Given too many chances. I've tried to be polite no matter how rude the staff. Tonight I gave 1 more chance. My order was taken down wrong so I confirmed at the second window before taking the food. The woman was very upset she had to remake it, made it clear with snatching and attitude told me to pull over and when i got my order it was wrong AGAIN. Also took items  and was charged for adding lettuce."	1
7003	"Can you say fast?! Double drive through lane getting stacked, I went in instead. Dining areas closed but clean and safe ordering from counter. The guy on cashier was fast and efficient. I don't need to be treated like I'm spending $1000 so the efficient process works for me. Food was as expected for any McD's..if you have little time and crave the golden arches, this location will have you on your way soon enough."	5
7004	"Worse McDonald's I've been to. I have decided to go a mile further to the Augustine Dr one instead at this point. Constantly slow, missing items or not making them correctly. Ordered for curbside at 8pm, was told restaurant was closed and I need to contact corporate for a refund"	1
7005	"Even after confirming my order when paying, I received the wrong sandwich. I went through the drive-thru, so I didn't realize there wit until I got home. I had received a chicken deluxe sandwich instead of a quarter pounder deluxe. Fortunately, it was tasty, and well made, but still disappointing."	3
7006	This is a typical McDonald's. I ordered a frape and had to wait 10 minutes for it to be prepared. Not impressed.	3
7007	Can not beat mcdonalds for their quick service and food.  Though their best menu item is still the coffee.	4
7008	"Consistently gets our orders wrong. Including a time when we were complaining to the manager about constant errors and she was adamant that her team doesn't get orders wrong, they handed us the wrong order. Nothing wrong with the food but the staff needs better training."	2
7009	So much improvement. They're serving good fries now - newly cooked (vs. saggy and felt like microwave warmed before). Curbside pick up was so helpful. We'll comeback!	4
7010	Friendly staff but fries were stale!  They even took some time to put together my order giving me the appearance that a fresh batch of fries were coming out of the fryer.  I was wrong-they tasted like they were scraped off the floor.  Was here around 9pm last night.	2
7011	The food and service was good but kind of disappointed as this is the 1st McDonald's I've been to in the south Bay that has completely closed off the bathrooms and customer areas.  I'm sure it's due to pandemic but strange other McDonald's at least have restrooms open for guests	3
7012	They just be throwing my daughter Happy meal meal in the box I'm not sure if it's me or if it's the people that's working at McDonald's but yeah my daughter is tired of her Happy meal just been thrown in a box it's not a Happy meal it's a throne in a box meal kind of sort of and if you want fresh fries and fresh nuggets you have to ask and it's been several times where I've ordered something and something's missing so I have to make sure you looking your things before you drive completely off from this	3
7013	This McD has the best prices along Lawrence Expressway. Drive-thru can take up to 20 minutes during peak times. I couldn't get a breakfast deal in the app to complete in time due to the long drive-thru wait. The app wouldn't allow curbside or in-store pickup 10 minutes before breakfast deadline.	3
7014	"The food came quickly and it was hot my sausage bisquick was really good, but the big breakfast came without condiments.We asked for salt, they said it was in the bag but the only thing in the bag was syrup and we didn't order pancakes."	3
7015	"Alright, I am a little apprehensive in saying this, but lately I have eaten at this McDonald's and one other place near my home and #3 meal I order has been tasting noticeably GOOD! I never say to my kids, ""wow you have taste this.. here taste it, c'mon take 1 bite and tell me this is good! With that I would like to get some confirmations from others if food has improves in taste or just me. I see myself with a big belly if food taste and/or quality is on the up tick."	3
7016	"I already have low expectations given this is a McDonald                           s, but the customer service at this location is amongst the worst I                   "	1
7017	"Super sloooow! The shake machine is always broken. Early in the morning the service is almost impossible. Takes forever just to take an order and takes forever to process the order. Ordering ahead with the app saves no time. And if you're lucky, the coffee machine will be working.
You're better off going somewhere else. I will never do business with this McDonalds again!!!  EVER!!"	1
7018	"Night shift crew here is very iffy. Guy in front of me gets served, I get told the place is closed, and then the guy behind gets served. Honestly don't bother with this place. Big waste of time."	1
7019	"One of the worst service, don           "	1
7020	When I walked in some dude was walking out with a mean mug. Don't know what happened though. The wait was kind of long but the food was good....   	3
7021	Very friendly and professional staff.  Food tastes fresh all the time. i like the fact that they have 2 ordering stations so when its busy you can still get in and out as quickly as possible. every time im in the area i make sure to stop by and get at least a strawberry sundae. the place is worth stopping by to grab a snack/meal.	5
7022	Great for a quick snack the plaza near it is absolutely amazing they have great stuff over there I would recommend sometimes the staff can be iffy but that              	5
7023	Slow moving and long lines. I wish they had more staff.	3
7024	"Terrible customer service, Employees doesnt even smile or initiate the greeting. Very long drive through up to 30 minutes with just only 1 lane open. If I am a manager, I will never tolerate this long wait time. Drive through is suppose to be for the convenient and time saving but this service is just completely defeat the purpose"	1
7025	"Good, fast, food. They are open 24 hours a day which is great if you are working a night shift, graveyard shift or have to go in early in the morning. Their new menu is actually quite good! I do wish the McRib was back in season but, oh well, you can't have it all! Try the Minutemaid Slushies! They are outstanding!"	4
7026	Actually the great suck we didn't have milkshakes and we got shorted a burrito and their night shift is quite rude will not eat there again	3
7027	"This location is honestly hit or miss, usually employees here tend to be very impatient and rude, very rarely would I see someone who actually has good customer service.
Also they would get my order wrong from time to time..."	2
7028	"I ordered several times from this store but recently last order I made, the burger tasted like someone throw tobacco ash into it. It tasted wired. That              "	1
7029	"I don't like giving low reviews without eating somewhere, but at midnight, seeing the sign on the window saying ""open 24 hours"", we pulled into the parking lot. The lights were dimmed and the drive through was blocked with cones. After leaving the freeway and going out of our way to stop here, they were closed and the sign held a false advertisement. Chances are we may not get the chance to visit when they are actually open, so heed my warning: THIS PLACE IS NOT 24 HOURS!!

Edit: After visiting that night, we tried again a little before midnight and the drive thru was still closed and blocked, and the sign still said open 24 hours."	1
7030	"Never had an issue. They get the orders right, and they are quick and polite."	5
7031	There is a horribly rude worker here.  I asked to order something and she just gave rude and sarcastic responses the entire time.  I confronted her about it at the window and she didn't seem to care.  Talked to the manager.  He said he would handle it.  Im sure he won't so I contacted corporate and gave my report.  Don't eat here.  They do not care about customer service.	1
7032	Slow service. No Ice at Breakfast.  Coffee tasted like cleaning solution was not rinsed out.  Hilariously a McDonald's employee was walking around the corner with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on a plate to eat for their own breakfast. Why no US flag?	1
7033	"Shity customer service, incompetent cashier took over 15 mins to place a single man's dinner order (it was only a big Mac, fries and a drink).  Parking lot was full (extremely small for the volume of customers). Drive thru line was super long and extremely slow.  After I finally got to the window after I paid I had to wait there for 10mins just to be told to pull around and park.  Had to wait another 15-20mins to get my order."	1
7034	"Not rated one  for this McDonald's, they actually happen to be a solid and enthusiastic group of people always willing to ensure your happiness and satisfaction. I just think McDonald's sucks in general. That being said, the staff at this specific restaurant is quite friendly and approachable, and I've never had a bad experience with the food or anything. They're usually quick and the food tends to be accurately prepared. In a world where this distinction mattered, I'd actually call this a really ""good"" McDonald's, but the significant other is bummed about their removal of garlic fries, and the ice cream machine is hellof broken all the time. Anyway. Bring vegan items to McDonald's."	1
7035	"I come here a lot because I live close by. The staff are really nice people --friendly and open to talk with customers when it's not rush hour. Sometimes I stay here for an hour or two. I watch people come and go. Sometimes it's packed, sometimes it's only me with my family and 1 other person. There are a lot of seats, and there are high chairs for kids. Sucks that they cut out the power outlet a while back though. I must come with fully charged device or a power bank. \(>~<)/"	5
7036	Food was cold and hamburger was not cooked all the way. Ruined my lunch.	1
7037	I was there at 437 am and was informed that i must wait until t for there 2 for 4 deal. I went back thru the drive through 2 more times once at 445 and once at 454 and was informed again that i had to wait until 5 exactly. Then when i finally got to order thwy also screwed me on a hash brown. They werent polite about anything and made me feel very unwelcomed.	1
7038	"This McDonalds is hit or miss depending on the staff. Its quick most of the time due to the dual drive through order stations, but that can also work against them and can slow down you getting your food at times to if you get out of order.
They seem to have  great breakfast team, but the dinner team is hit or miss. One day its great and the next time your order is all jacked up. They are normally pretty good with the normal menu items,  its the specialty stuff they jack up, like a Big Mac is Good here but a Grand Mac won't be because they leave off half the sauce or something silly, 5 lbs of lettuce, you get what I mean. Inside tends to be better then drive-through if you have the time."	3
7039	"Food tastes like any other Mc Donald's. There was a short wait. They were out of Diet Coke in both soda fountains. They were also low on ice for the drinks. The dining area needed to be cleaned of all the trash by the soda fountains, tables, and floors.  They were also out of ketchup in the ketchup area by the soda fountains."	3
7040	I park into the parking lot I see 2 vans full of homeless people's junk. I walked in the MacDonald's bathroom one of the stalls was full of poop. Later I got my food . Was in my car ready to leave then I smelled poop   on my hands. The entrance door had poop from the person's hand. But on the bright side they gave me an extra meal for free. But the cleaning service was not good.	1
7041	The staff was rude and needs training on their people skills. There was no good morning greeting and when asking about menu options it was like talking to a brick wall. The service was also very slow even though it was not busy.	1
7042	"We enjoyed the food. But not the service, only for the fact we waiting over 20min and this was 8:30pm. My grandson was waiting on his aunt so she can walk with him and his mom &dad for there night walk. He has preschool in the morning.  And he has to be asleep by 9 and in bed by 8:30. So as for this gramas point of view. An apologiey for the wait or here's a free of anything would have been taken in to consideration would have been excepted.  But no nothing from any employee just didn't make me feel McDonald's employee's did there job."	2
7043	"Constantly getting the order wrong on several occasions, poor attitude at pick up... Worked fast food when I was a kid... So easy to do it right and smile to the customer! Unfortunately their manager was the one at pick up!"	2
7044	"This McDonald's gets a 3 rating due to their lack of attention to drive thru orders.  Numerous times we get home after a visit to McDonald's and notice the forgot to include apple slices, or apple juice.  I agree these are smaller items and do not effect the price much, however, when you have kids waiting for their orders get very upset and get angry n hurt that these things are missing.  It is very upsetting!  Also, we tend to order a lot of unsweetened ice teas.  8 out of 10 times the tea tastes disgusting!!  It is old tea or the bag doesn't get changed when the make more.  I get so mad that no one seems to care enough to be sure every shift cares to do their job correctly to ensure a high quality in ALL their products.  I have brought these concerns to numerous managers and employees but never get satisfaction that they care and fix the issue!!  It may be ok for a week but happens again or on a different shift.  All emplyees should care enough about their jobs and themselves to do the best they can in all areas of a job performance!!!  Please do your best to inform this McDonald's of these issues and have them retrain and fix these issues.  My sanity and their job performances depend on this!!!  Thank You!!"	3
7045	"Took 10 minutes to order food while standing at the counter due to employees just chatting and ignoring me, in plain virw. Ordered a side salad and a yogurt parfait, bother were less then half filled. Overall not good, but eventually got service"	2
7046	Waited ~13 minutes for a simple hot fudge sundae (seems like my order was not placed on their electronic queue). Also pretty understaffed - cashier also dropping fries into fryer and running around doing other tasks.	2
7047	I like McDonald's McChicken sandwiches and their Sundaes its delicious! I also like the way how they packaged their food Delivery its sealed with a security tape both drinks and food inside a secured paper bag with handles !! Best Fast food well safely secured in these challenging times when Coronavirus is ravaging our population and its health !! All fast food chains should follow McDonald's safety packaging procedures for food packaging deliveries !!	5
7048	"They removed tellers add kiosk which slows down the service. 10 minutes to get a Mcflurry and two cookies..... Mcflurry is small is tiny, cookies are as well. Kitchen floor was dirty. Kitchen crew was understaffed. It won't be sad to see McDonald's decline, I won't be going back to any of them. Rarely ever do won't be hard to put a nail in the coffin."	1
7049	"There is something about the drink here...  One time I ordered Ice Tea and it tasted weird..  I let go of that one time..  And yesterday, I ordered the combo with Coke..  I ate and drank,  the next moment, I had like an ""diarrhea"" like symptom...  The coke tasted weird too..  I never had a problem like this when I ordered from other Mcdonald..  Last time the Ice Tea tasted bad so I tossed it away..  I only took a sipped that's why I didn't get a diarrhea like symptoms..  But this time I was so thirsty so I consumed half of the drink."	1
7050	It                           s a hit or miss McDonald                           s sometimes they have the best customer service and the fries are amazing. Sometimes the guy	3
7051	Placed our order through the drive thru.  Instead of getting a quarter pounder with my number 2 meal.  I received 2 plain mcgriddles                                     We get home and order isn't right.  Tried to call and was unable to get through.  Not willing to go back out in the rain.  This has happened 2 other times at this	1
7052	"Horrible Manager here came for coffee and she ted giving me and my family an attitude about $2.00  rude
she had blonde dyed hair and wore glasses older than 50 years old disgrace"	1
7053	"service was okay during drive thru. GET OFF THE PHONE AND PAY ATTENTION WHEN YOUR IN DRIVE THRU. DONT GOT TIME, FOR YOU TO REALIZE THE CAR INFORNT OF YOU IS GONE. I Do not like their drive thru parking either. They should've moved it somewhere else. I went during lunch and they parked every single car and then had only one employee walking out the food. Hmm bad system."	3
7054	Just about to finish up my big Mac there at McDonald                           s and what  do I find the biggest hair I                           ve ever seen I know it wasn                       	1
7055	"food is ok, just regular McDonald, but the drive thru is insanely back late night. 30+ mins wait time while there are just 3 customers, like how is this acceptable? Soda machine, ice cream machine, or the cashier constantly broke down. After 35 mins when I finally able to get my food, they told me no credit card, like what ? why don't you tell me 35 mins ago? just left right away."	2
7056	Drive thru was blocked at 1230pm. Had to make a 3 point turn to get out. Not sure why block it when there are cars (placed orders and waiting). Location is a nightmare since under renovation. Parking lot is taken by reno vehicles. Nearby has awkward design...	1
7057	Very disappointed in McDonald's in today's world. To me McDonald's has really gone downhill is service is the pits. Any employees most of all can use a lot more training I know I used to be the head manager at 556 East El Camino McDonald's and I'm appalled of what it turn into. I know when I was head manager there we always have a store I can just imagine what it is today.	1
7058	ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with cheese  no pickles. came in some aluminum bag all soggy nasty nsaty nsaty.  never again going there. should have gotten 0 s	1
7059	"Place is usually not busy but service can be slow, they seem to be understaffed.  Staff The place has really odd seating layout inside but they have seating outside in the shade.  Drive through is usually empty also.  They have assigned mobile order parking."	3
7060	"- Usually fast service
- Mostly friendly customer service; some people could be more kind
- Quarter pounders always fresh
- Ice cream works 100% times I've ordered"	4
7061	"2 people working, 1 learning how to work, and two cleaning, instead of helping the line of drive thru cars and 8 people waiting inside to place their order. Took a half hour to get two cheese burgers, two fries, and two drinks at 10:30 at night. And that was only half of what we ordered, so we left."	1
7062	Went through the drive through and failed to check my order before getting on the road. Twice before I have been given the wrong order. How do they do that? Third time's a charm. I am pledging not to go to McD's again.	1
7063	"Not the best quality fast food, but it                   "	3
7064	"Freshly fried fries
Order ready quickly
Friendly staff"	5
7065	"You get what you pay for when going to any Mcdonald. This is a busy location 9 times out of 10 there is lines and being a 24hr location they're ice cream machine seems to always be out of order hahah go figure... I feel as if the food has become extremely salty at all McDonald's locations over the years not very good. Found myself not finishing the food I had ordered And still hungry. Go some where better.. If youve read this far, you deserve it."	2
7066	"The two McFlurrys that my party ordered seemed to not be whipped, which was unfortunate. Otherwise, the food was prepared quickly, even though we went during the lunch rush. Parking nearby could be full during lunch."	4
7067	"Probably one of the worst experiences I have had with McD's. 8 to 10 food alarms going off the whole time. The manager was outside smoking, leaving the staff to drown. The girl behind the counter spent more time apologizing to the same people over and over rather then work. Took about 20 mins to get two dollar menu cheeseburgers. Experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Probably won't give a second chance even."	1
7068	I paid 1 hotcakes and 1 hash brown by drive through behind me couple cars lined up and I waited 5+ min to pick my food last time same order they missed hash brown so i was about to check the items but behind people waiting so I moved my car near by signal I checked hash brown missing again this time I want them to know so I turn and reach same drive through I explained one of the women staff came and ask my bag and she inspect I was not feel good at this point later she ask a male staff and discussing something and looking me like I'm lying ...Bullshit.... who train the business ethics and code of cundect what the #@$%	1
7069	"Disgusting . And they legit took forever to release my order. My mcchicken was made wrong and they had to re make it. All in all, it took about 10 minutes for 3 items of the value menu, never coming here again.     "	1
7070	I waited a whole hour just for chicken nuggets after i ordered and i didnt even get the sauce for the nuggets. then i had to pay with cash and no one wore gloves or a facial mask.	1
7071	"Yep, five s.  Not Michelin five s but best Mickey D's I've been to in a long time.  Fresh Beef Quarter-Pounder is better than I thought it would be... And they're everywhere."	5
7072	The only thin I can say is they need to stay up to date with the Happy Meal toys they Advertise. My kid comes in super excited to see the stand box with the Advertised toys to somet8being told the doth Have those at this time	4
7073	Fast but the line always long and sometimes it take so long for one customer. Curbside pickup take longer than drive thru.	4
7074	"Against the background of other burgers, McDonald's is blown away, it's a pity that some of the first guys are now lagging behind."	2
7075	"I go here a couple of times a day if they are on a roll of making good tasting unsweetened ice tea. Ocassionally I get a snack. They have on their menu pricing for pies. .69 each or 2 for 1.00. When I read pies, I think it is all their pies. Nope. Their ""specialty"" pies are more and when you call them out on it they are rude and don't care. Like the customer is supposed to be able to mind read, pies means only apple pie. It was annoying to be treated so rudely over cold mcd pies. If you leadership is so unhappy maybe they should go somewhere that is a happier place. We all have choices.

There is some good leadership at this store and bad. There is no in between. Take your chances. I mainly go there for the tea....when it's good."	1
7076	"Twice in 6 months I thought I would get ice cream through the drive through. Both times they had no ice cream or yogurt. No sign, stick in long drive through to pick up nothing, not coming back again."	1
7077	Versus others in the area this place always has trash bins full and rarely tiloilet paper. No changing tables in mens room. Dirty bathroom. Food consistant with others. Very busy but still could be clean.	3
7078	You knew it! Super cheap and decent menu. Helps feeding many who cannot afford.	5
7079	"WOW WITH GOOD DEALS , & PLUS THE BONUS  REWARDS                   "	5
7080	very bad but very bad at night the workers close everything and it's 24 hours the other day ask what time they close and he said the supervisor never closes it's 24 hours surprise he told me he didn't know why they closed until I saw that the manager  One day I get to work and that day they did not close what a coincidence hahahaha very bad these guys put yellow cones at the entrance of the car service woouuuu that bad and that is everyday woouuuu that bad	1
7081	If you find yourself scratching your ears while inside it might be due to very small bugs that most people can't see or don't think the bugs are bothering their ear. My vision? Better than 20/20 both near and far. Thanks	2
7082	Drive thru is always fast and on point! I have never gotten a wrong order. Thank you!	5
7083	"This is the closest McDonald                           s to me and I go in the am to get coffee and they always have to park me for one coffee and it takes them forever to bring it out to me, they are very slow workers and the managers are rude and don         "	1
7084	"It's not a junk foods place anymore. They t having healthy menu and I think it's great with the price. You can pick your own bread, type of meat and vegetable. End the menu with Sundae ice cream."	4
7085	"I am not sure if anyone in the USA would read reviews about McDonald's but here it is anyways.

They are mediocre even by fast food standard. Unless you are really hungry or thirsty always try to avoid it."	3
7086	"They spending millions to renovate all their stores to stay pertinate,while selling smaller portions of their fattining foods and raising their prices to pay for making the place look modern,anybody else notice that McDonald's has gotten way more expensive,taken alot of stuff away from what used to be the dollar menu,and took away alot of the all day breakfast"	1
7087	Typical McD's but did look a bit more modernized.  The lady taking orders was nice. Plenty of parking and drive thru line was organized. Good amt of mobile order parking as well.	3
7088	Open late actually 10/10 quality of life improvement moving here	5
7089	went there on new years eve around 2 am ..crowded very much and the queue was not moving for the next 30 minutes. they did not had enough staff. left with hunger stomach. They should have atleast informed us that there is going to be a waiting time . 4 ppl before us and the queue never moved for 30 minutes was surprising.	1
7090	"Ordered a number 15 (chicken nugget) meal for $6.50. They somehow didn't get the fries part and only thought I ordered nuggets and drink (wtf?), even though I had made it very clear that I ordered the meal. Then they tried to charge me an ADDITIONAL $1 for the fries which would have put the total cost OVER the actual price of the meal. I wasn't having any of that bullsh*t and I guess they realized how ridiculous they were being, because they relented pretty quickly and handed over the fries."	1
7091	Good ol micky D's same thing as usual nothing really changes but one thing this I've been going to this location for quite a while every morning order same thing a LARGE ICE HAZELNUT and a MED REG COFFEE  with a few fixings added most of the employees know me on a HELLO basis same for two MANAGERS there they see ME in line they make eye contact with me I shake my head get to the counter Cashier ask me the USUAL SUR i say yes and BLAM there's my two morning favorites so i go every day just to see great EMPLOYEES of this location     	4
7092	It was great the view was from where i sat was the  entrance door. From where she sat was the soda machine. In the middle was the order line. We sat at a table that was designed for people in the order line waiting to order  to look back some look straifht on and see you eating. Why? So they can get humgrier? They already hungry. Its probably because if your a kid eating a happy meal and they have toy there gonna want one too so you tell your parents you want one too. Or I whatever there eating they want to eat too because they are too lazy to look at the menu. Thats too much work. So the put a table for people to view where are eating. It menu ideas and advertisement.	1
7093	They had everyone wait in an extremely long line at the drive thru just to tell us it was cash only. Which should absolutely not be a thing at a McDonalds. We then had to continue waiting in line since there was no way out.	1
7094	"Pathetic customer service, never attends customer queries over phone. It says its open24 hours, but in multiple occasions cancelled the orders placed via delivery apps citing that the restaurant is not accepting orders."	1
7095	Lady placing the orders is super nice. The crew making the food complete morons. Mixwd up order and put wrong condiments on wrong one. Its like they just tossed it together. Not tomention there is no way it'll pass wights and measurmentz. I expect competence.  Which is clearly lacking here.	2
7096	"Be a Careful with this Store
He charged me $1.39 + tax for a coffee. I remained him about McDonald's coffee price ($1.09+tax). But he said no & I back to my car, took more money then paid. (Store no. 4324, receipt 300, date feb.22/16 mon. 20:25)"	1
7097	"I went to use the restroom here, and the toilet was all full of **** so I told the manager about it. They sent a guy to clean it and I kid you not after he was done he did not wash his hands. I would not be surprised if this McDonalds will get an E.Coli outbreak"	1
7098	It opens 24/7 and it's very close to where I live. I usually order from drive through. They put sugar in my coffee when I ordered black coffee. This was their only mistake I have experienced.	4
7099	They say they are open 24-7 but they are closed everyday between 3am-4:30am	3
7100	"It's fast, it's food, it's cheap. It could be better, it could be faster, it could be cheaper, but it's familiar food, and it's never terrible food, sometimes it is even good food. So if you need reasonable quality food quickly and cheaply McDonald's is your place."	4
7101	"Standard McDonalds.
But what was going on with the restrooms? Only two available and one is permanently closed. The other one is a favorite place for the homeless people in ten area as it seems. Two of them spend there 30+ mins. No chance to get in."	3
7102	"Sorry but breakfast sandwich was not fresh It was hard bread and as slow as it was on a Sunday  morning everything should of been made  fresh sad I
will not stop at this location again"	2
7103	slowest mcdonalds I've been. Waited for 30 min. Think they are short in staff or either the staff is sleeping	1
7104	"Every time I come to this one, they are closed. I even ordered something through the app and they still turned me away. Need to change hours online from 24hrs to closed from 3-4AM!!!!!"	1
7105	The food that McDonald's is not food in my opinion and no one should eat fast food of any kind. Now that is my opinion. But the breakfast sandwiches are great especially with egg	1
7106	"The clerk is not responsive, she doesn't have any reaction when we order. Silent for a while."	2
7107	Worst service ever. Waited over 40 minutes in drive thru. Only to get cold food. Never will i go there again. Horrible service. I would have given 0 s if I could.	1
7108	"Contrary to the google page, this place is NOT open 24 hours. Cut off time is 2am."	1
7109	Ordered a big mac for the first time in 20 years.  Very disappointed because there was not enough thousand island dressing in my burger.  This will be the last time that I will be eating at McDonald's.	2
7110	Vegetarians like me don't have many options in McDonald's for the breakdown menu. Hence taking away 1 .	4
7111	"!! Fraud location !! !!!Fraud location !!!, the manager told us they have different policy for this location they don't work any more with the corporate , I am really worried about What's This now , they said they only respect the online ordering coupons if ur ordering at drive thru ( in photo ) the manager given us , health department must check this location carefully bcoz something is fishy here .. or Macdonald corporate MUST HAVE A CHECK On them URGENTLY, avoid it"	1
7112	Good service here and prices were affordable. Always love me some fries and the Big Mac. Mocha frappe is yummy.	4
7113	"Made me wait in the drive through overflow parking, messed up half my order. I should have checked but I wanted to leave by then."	2
7114	"Under construction, had drive-through only, and somehow ""didn't have water."" McDonald's makes the worst breakfast sandwiches, but that's not particular to this location.

Only pro is open 24 hours."	2
7115	"It's just another McDonald's lol standard food and look, no play house update 5-1-20 renovated new touch screen ordering. Improved"	4
7116	app glitches out and they made pay extra for what I order through the app because the deal didn't apply anymore	3
7117	"Not the best McDonald                           s. Service was fairly slow for not being too busy, and my order was given to go e"	3
7118	Bestest McDonald's eva	5
7119	Definitely the best McDonald's in the area. Drive thru is usually fast and efficient. Food is usually fresh though I did get really bad mcnuggets once. I'm a regular here.	5
7120	The drive through at this location is typically fast. Parking to dine in can be difficult due to drive through lines. Better than the average MacDonald's.	4
7121	Like always very pleasing but the area outdoor can use some tidying.. Staff great	3
7122	"Waited 15 mins in the Reserved for Drive thru spot for my very simple order, and they missed two of the items that I've ordered and paid... Speechless"	1
7123	What kind of McDonald's only open till 7:00 p.m. for dining room	2
7124	"I've gone to this location a few times and my fries and limo every dang time. Nuggets were fresh, but fries were a waste of money."	4
7125	"Fast service fries were fresh, not like other mcdonalds were they use the same oil for days."	5
7126	This is a very welcoming place. They remember their customers and their regular orders. They are mostly ready with my order before I even pay them	5
7127	"I am just wondering why so many people writing reviews for a McDonald... Are they all the same everywhere? And who has not taste a McDonald before?

So do not expect it to be as good as a decent restaurant, but it will do when you are hungry."	4
7128	Wanted to go thru the drive thru. But it was closed. Had to go inside very crowded. And slow. First i went to the other mcds. Up the street on lakeside. Went inside and they said were closed caused of understaffed. All these mcds. R getting very awful on service.	1
7129	"I waited in the curbside parking for 15 mins.no one delivered the order.i had to go to drive thru ,stand beyond 10 cars and had to pick up the order.

Very pathetic customer service.

I will never visit again"	1
7130	this place has the best shamrock shakes if you go during March the shamrock shakes are amazing it's really affordable just kidding that's why it's actually pretty expensive cause it's so good but you won't regret purchasing a shamrock shake	4
7131	Worst McDonald                      	1
7132	"It's a McDonalds. They are all pretty similar. But, the bathrooms are clean and the staff is friendly. I find it interesting that they removed the charging stations. But, once again... McDonalds, not bucks."	4
7133	I have gone to this McDonalds twice and it has taken at least 15 minutes to get my order. Granted both times were after midnight but this location stays open 24 hours and even late night should not take longer than 5minutes. Worst McDonalds ever!	1
7134	service pretty good for McDonald's. I find myself going out of the way for their drive thru coz their order accuracy is on point!	4
7135	Nice place for food and a peaceful place for some rest during a ling drive	5
7136	Went there late at night. The food was good and hot. The people working the shift were very polite.	5
7137	"Service good,tables extremely dirty..not enough employees to come out from back counter to even help wipe down"	2
7138	I love the sausage Mcmuffin	5
7139	New Morning crew SUCKS! Just went there this morning 9/26/13 8:20am through the drive-thru waited at the second terminal as three cars went passed on the left. So I move forward without placing my order. The girl at the first window told me I should have waited in stead of saying I am sorry how can I help you.	1
7140	I went drive thru I keep saying hello no one is answering me so I decided to go all the way to the first window to ask why isn't working but the guy is ignoring me he already saw me stopped at his window waving honk my horn so I have to go around again to use the other window to order the when I got to his window to pay I asked him..he said I have to wait cause its not working he can only take one customer..they should have just closed it so no one will go thru there..bad service not very accommodating..ignoring customer when they need help..	1
7141	Not a lot of options to pick from but generally it was good. Fast service for drive through.	4
7142	Good coffee late at night and honestly I go at McDonald's late at night just cuz I can't sleep and let me tell you it's really nice I mean if there is one business that really cares about having decent service late at night McDonald's would be it and I'm really glad that just about everywhere	5
7143	Great! I'm counting calories  and the calorie content of various foods is clearly posted on the menu board. Very convenient.	5
7144	"The best thing about this place is that it is open 24x7. But then they are slow at times also for the drive through, so I recommend to have enough time in hand."	4
7145	They did not answer the phone even though I was trying to report an urgent safety issue happening on their property. Who knows whether any of them even knows where this phone is located.	1
7146	Very polite drive thru folks and very efficient and prompt service.	5
7147	Customer Service is a hit or miss. Last time i ate there i got sick. So now i see why i stopped eating fast food like this..	1
7148	"Fast and friendly service
These women can make sure your getting all that you order"	5
7149	Fish sandwich was cold and French vanilla latte tasted horrible when I went at about 1am	4
7150	"Understaffed!! I had to wait 20 minutes in the drive thru and another 25 parked in line just for a mcgriddle. Seriously?? Oh and ""jasmine' has a terrible attitude"	1
7151	I give 2 out of five because the ice cream machine wasn't broken twice out of the last five times I came to get ice cream.	2
7152	Food was ok but management decided to t yelling at ine another and cursing. Made my daily dinner visit very uncomfortable. To the point of not returning. At 6pm on 4-11-16	1
7153	This place has that usual McDonald                           s quality. Which isn  	4
7154	No smoking in the outside seating is not enforced by the manager. In fact I saw an employee hanging over into the dining area to smoke as well.	2
7155	"Sold a ""McFlurry"" then delivered an un-blended pile of ice cream topped with crumbs."	2
7156	Night staff is usually the best.. making fresher food . Even if waits exceed normal.. afternoon staff needs help .	3
7157	"Would have appreciated more of that awesome sauce on my 20-piece nuggets, but great experience overall."	4
7158	They                           ve the 	1
7159	"Super fast service.
Need clean tables and surrounded area."	5
7160	"Me and my friends went to get a quick snack in the drive thru, we waited for more than 30 minutes to get our food"	1
7161	"Staff is slow, especially at drive thru. Drive thru orders almost always wrong.  Bathrooms always out of toilet paper. Majority of customers coming to this location are rude."	2
7162	Went in and the cashier didn't want to take my order she wanted me to do it for her when the restaurant was not busy at all this type of behavior is unexpected in the workforce	1
7163	Im lactose intolerant and  i asked for 2ausage burritos with no cheese and they gave me one without cheese and other one with cheese. This is no fun.	1
7164	Long waiting !!! Never ever come in drive thru... more thn 30 mins still in line ... there is no discussion regarding food bcos it's mc dddd	1
7165	"McD is best value for coffee. I tried the Big Breakfast plus coffee for $5.11, and felt that I got a great value."	5
7166	What's the say about McDonald's wherever you go by McDonald's to default favorite True Value Meal service is always good and the food quality is always good it's not for me the price is right	4
7167	"This McDonald's is almost always busy.  While it's not the quickest, the staff here are always friendly and there are excellent deals waiting in the McDonald's app."	4
7168	Awhile back I made a bad review but since then major improvements to the restaurant and the service have been made. Solid McDonalds	4
7169	"This McDonald,                                    deserves all the s for having a sen"	5
7170	Sometimes some employee doesn't pay attention and been standing there but no one is  coming  to help..sometimes it shows attitude too	4
7171	"This location was fast, accurate, and super friendly. Will come back in the future."	5
7172	I ordered a coffee through drive-through this morning.  What I got is a cup of water!	1
7173	Drive thru was great and the person that took the order is nice and friendly	4
7174	I had to wait 20 minutes for my order they were to busy doing the drive threw rhan the customers inside not enough help	1
7175	Breakfast crew were very scattered and inefficient. Overheard multiple confused orders. Took two people to pour coffees and refill pots! Lots of yelling behind the counter!	1
7176	Staff we not communicating with eachother. I think their register was down and they missed a couple of our items and they both seemed really stressed and annoyed.	3
7177	"The filet o fish was fresh. Hot with a crispy rust, soft on the inside!"	4
7178	"They were out of chicken nuggets, there was no ice in the soda machine, and there was a bean in our big mac... Does McDonald's even have anyrbing with beans in it?        "	2
7179	Had a large order and the staff got the food out quickly and even bundled items together to create meals to save us money!	5
7180	Food comes out quick and the food came out warm. too much traffic in the drive thru however	3
7181	"Quality of the food is lower, and prices are a bit higher. Thank you Joe Biden."	4
7182	Well it's a McDonald's It's food about the highest quality not the best ingredients but it's food	4
7183	Just like any McDonald's  no trill the employees can be  jackass to some people.	2
7184	Always download the app and get the deals there! The best!	4
7185	Rude drive through operator.	2
7186	This McDonald's is super clean and the staff is very friendly!!	5
7187	Kiosh not available for use.  Otherwise your usual experience.	4
7188	Unfortunately there are not many salad selections if you're trying to eat healthier.	3
7189	How does a place advertise 24hr drive thru and only take cash after midnight. I don't see how corporate agreed with this.	1
7190	It Can Get Busy At Times....But It's Way Better Than It Used 2 B B4 The Remodle....This Is The Mickey Dees 2 Go 2 That's 4ure	5
7191	"Waited 20 min for my order, fries was cold and hard. Very disappointed and dissatisfied.."	1
7192	"Not busy, but slow service. Very unkept restaurant, garbage scattered, and fountain drinks/ice depleted."	2
7193	Consistently the best McDonald's I've ever been to my hat is off to the ownership and management team of this location by far best McDonald's ever	5
7194	"I used, to go here before. I was from this town. The quality. This is: good eating."	4
7195	They discriminate against vegetarians charge more than any other McDonald's for no meat on breakfast sandwiches. Make you pay for meat you are not eating!	1
7196	Two times in a row they messed up my order (drive through). I only found out when I got home 	1
7197	Take too long to wait (12+ minutes) for curb side orders.	3
7198	Great location! Always been good service.	4
7199	"McRib came out really well crafted. No complaints, service was average."	4
7200	Have a drive through though it's typically faster to just go inside. Car lines can be a bit slow.	3
7201	Service is fast and the always correct. Not much more you can ask for from a McDonald's	5
7202	Had to wait 10 minutes on the side waiting for a Quarter Pounder all the while the other bag was getting cold....not happy.	3
7203	Didn't have what I wanted which was mcgruddle patty in my area they sale it all day here they don't. They should everywhere.	1
7204	"Eh it's McDonald's, fries are good, sodas are priced right and the new double cheese burger is actially pretty good - for McDonald's."	1
7205	Yes- i took a moment to rate a Mc Donalds. This is the one closest to my house and I have to say everyone is consistently courteous and professional so I want to recognize that	5
7206	Burgers were good but the fries were cold and they almost forgot one of our sandwiches	4
7207	Beautiful bathroom. Very clean. Ice cream was tasty.	5
7208	No tomato ketchup for fries and no bbq sauce for chicken nuggets. Problem with the order. Not a happy camper :(	1
7209	This place has been consistently providing great food and the staff are friendly.	5
7210	"Terrible customer service, insane wait times, parking lot is way too cramped for how many people come in.  Drive thru almost always has you park around the corner and wait more."	2
7211	Three separate times we've been there they screwed up the order.  Forgot something every time.  Losers...	3
7212	False advertisement open 24hr..They close at night all the time   	1
7213	"Recently renovated, with self ordering kiosks inside, guest WiFi, Uber eats parking, and dependable food."	5
7214	"It's McDonald's but the staff here is nice, it's clean, and the service is generally very fast."	4
7215	The worse mcdonalds ive ever been to..i waited in line for 15 minutes and to top it off the customer service sucked because the lady at the window was so rude i left.	1
7216	My kids love this place and the food is always fresh and tasty.	5
7217	Drive through again didn't get the Sausage Egg McMuffin Right.... Third or fourth time. Probably should go inside.	1
7218	The chicken patty taste old not fresh. But over all good place to eat.	3
7219	"Always old tasting fries and hard buns. I don't expect McDonald's to be anything super, but this is noticeably disgusting"	1
7220	Breakfast is always good at Mc dee's the coffee wow don't need a redbull.	4
7221	Sketchy late at night. Cash only and no receipts.	1
7222	There is no lunch today. very bad.	1
7223	I get good service the employees are friendly this is the way it should always be.	4
7224	A good location. Very crowded and the service is slow. The Wi-Fi is good. Clean.	3
7225	"I went to this place and asked for an ice cream, and he is like we don                           t have ice cream,"	1
7226	This McDonald's is pretty fast. Food the same as all the rest.	5
7227	Forgot out 10 piece nuggets in the drive thru but otherwise good.	4
7228	Restaurant is clean and nice. Staff is friendly. Food is McDonald's food. Good fast food.	3
7229	"Nice people, good service. I recommend the oatmeal or chocolate chip cookies, yum!"	5
7230	Took half an hour to just get 4 piece tenders employees standing and joking around with each other	1
7231	Most stores have been updated in appearance.... a few have also vastly improved service toom	4
7232	"Bad service, and take FOREVER. Slowest Ive been to. This time it was because the guy was calling the wrong number for my order.."	2
7233	McDonald's just have the best fries no matter what time of day you go. No matter which chain you go to it is still the best	5
7234	"Big Breakfast w/ Hotcakes, Large Coffee 3 and 3, Apple pies if I want some consolation."	5
7235	Service was awful didn't understand my order	1
7236	"Great customer service in morning, I don't know her name but the black girl was so nice"	5
7237	I dried going to this place. This place messes up more times than getting it right. Bad MD.	2
7238	Great prices and good food but no vegetarian options yet.	5
7239	"Speedy and quick turnaround.  Decent food, but sometimes forget to specialize orders."	4
7240	Quick service. Hot food. Order correct at drive through.	5
7241	Very friendly and quick curb side pickup	4
7242	Quick as expected and staff was courteous. Food was hot when delivered.	5
7243	As usual good.Thanks for your professional service and excellent breakfast	5
7244	"wait for an hour in drive through path. And cash only finally, I waste one hour here!"	1
7245	"Drive though ,
1. One meal was missing burger.
2. bad potato in one of the fry.
3. Slow delivery compare to other mcdonals"	1
7246	Probably the worst run mcdonalds Ive been to in a long time. Workers are sloppy and food comes out crazy slow.	1
7247	Only because of the lack of training is why only did one                                     . So much n	1
7248	"Stopped for breakfast. It's good, pretty fast. Love the iced mocha lattes."	4
7249	They never get my order right. The service sucks	2
7250	Don't go there. There's a European guy who's very mean to customers and he's the worst human being I've ever met.	1
7251	I don't know why but I love McDonald's and their small burgers..	5
7252	Good drive thru. Has napkins accessible. Corporate branch.	4
7253	mf wasted my time saying open 24/7 bt they are closed.	1
7254	Good option to just drive in.. My kid really like Happy Meal. Value for money.	4
7255	"Our order was right, but we had to pull forward and wait, and there was a general feeling of disorder."	3
7256	Always decent service and speedy.  Never had any issues.	5
7257	"This locations food hits just a little different, ""in a good way"""	5
7258	Well it's McDonald's food was hot and but as usual you can't tell what you're saying because they're all foreign	4
7259	Rubish fires.. 2 mins after they were cold and tasted like soap for some reason	1
7260	Great customer service. Food was also hot and fresh	5
7261	Order was wrong	3
7262	"Drive thru, no waiting time"	5
7263	Two for 5$ Deal on quarter pounders with cheese. But .... $3.45 for a large fry ?   Crazy !	3
7264	"Clean place, and not too crowded. Their personal is friendly."	5
7265	My daughter is addicted to McChickens an I'm lovn the berry frozen drink by minute maid (new)	5
7266	Really slow services for late night. Drive thur was so slow. They wanted me to park for a soda. I refused.	1
7267	Workers were not friendly. They picked and chose who to serve. Some were told that the lobby was closed and some were served.	1
7268	24 hours cash only at night..good fresh coffee	4
7269	Love the quarter pounder deluxe. As usual fries always consistent.	5
7270	They keep messing up my order but what did u expect its McDonald's	1
7271	MacDonald'still relies on fat and high glycemic carbs to make the food palatable	1
7272	Good and fast service	3
7273	Fast service with 2 drive thru lines	5
7274	"Breakfast was not hot enough, hate warm hash brown sausage etc....It's getting worst and slop by the day and EXPENSIVE"	2
7275	so have cit out all fast food from my diet..bit on cheat days...big Macs and fries are my go to meal!	3
7276	"McDonalds always good, very quick with food."	5
7277	"Bathroom floor  all wet toilet leaking  constantly  also  no toilet paper

Also very dirty

District manager needs to see this place  :("	1
7278	"Hot and tasty. McChicken and small fries, $3.04. Did the job for a snack."	5
7279	Drive thru is closed!   There                     	2
7280	The bro at the counter is really helpful and polite. Five  service!	5
7281	My kids love this branch. Good service!	5
7282	Amazingly fast service.  One of the best I've ever encountered.	5
7283	Busy place.  Long drive thru line.  Food was okay.	3
7284	Food always hot staff cool place always clean	5
7285	Awful place. Really. Bad service and everything is dirty and stinks	2
7286	Very clean location. The service is fast. It is run very well.	4
7287	"Busy area but quick , effective drive- thru."	5
7288	"Terrible...........

Avoid this McDonald's. Terrible service, incorrect bill charges. Just a bad experience."	2
7289	hated it we had to wait for food and then when we got home and looked at our food my bigmac that i order with no lettuce had no cheese instead of no lettuce	1
7290	Could not find our order came out 6 times	1
7291	The manager was very very helpful she was absolutely wonderful	5
7292	A bit slow during the dinner rush	4
7293	Lobby is much quicker than the drive thru	4
7294	Got food poisoning from breakfast. Rude service inside the dining room.	1
7295	I've been coming to this McDonald's for so long. And it's always dirty. Tables are all dirty.	1
7296	If you eat here more than 80% of the time your food will be wrong or cold.	1
7297	Love the original style...great location & good service	5
7298	"Fast food , when there is nothing else open late night"	1
7299	Cheap food but burgers taste so genero.	2
7300	"Your topical neighborhood Fast Food Place,
The outdoors sitting is a nice hang out place."	4
7301	It's always clean and the service is prompt and with smiles.	5
7302	"Good mcd's. Fast service, consistent food."	4
7303	I cant remember the last time i had fresh french fries.	1
7304	Ever time i come here on lunch i end up spending 30min waiting for my food	1
7305	I love the breakfast:)	4
7306	Clean and fast but no drive thru	5
7307	Fast and friendly and the order was done accurately	5
7308	"Drive thru order almost
wrong..The lady at speaker was so rude"	2
7309	Great coffee. Great deals with the mcdonald's app!	5
7310	They get the drive thru wrong Moody of the time	2
7311	No answer phono	1
7312	Fast and friendly service with plenty of handicapped parking places.	5
7313	That  place is expensive $3.00+ for large iced coffee.  I'd rather go to 7-11tore	2
7314	Clean and not too busy McDonald's. Maybe the competition is keeping them in check	4
7315	Its fast food...what do you expect	3
7316	Meh. Not enough staff to serve the busy morning rush.	3
7317	It             	3
7318	Very Limited parking for big rigs 28 Footers okay	5
7319	Milkshake never works main reason I go there shamrock shakes never have it	2
7320	I am visiting here everyweek. Not clean area but fast service	4
7321	"I went to McDonald's and wow,I saw workers doing swirls on ice cream cones!"	4
7322	"Clean inside lobby and restrooms, nice outdoor sitting area"	5
7323	"Too much tarter sauce on fish fillet
Cheeseburger buns hard & stale"	1
7324	I don                           t know. 	1
7325	Service at these store is very bad and they get wrong order and	1
7326	EXCELLENT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY SERVICE...	5
7327	"Every time I come here, something is wrong with their payment system or one of their machines is broken"	1
7328	Typical McDonalds. Comfort food as you like it for real cheap!	4
7329	Card machine was out of service. Needed to pay cash and slow.	2
7330	This is just like any other McD's nothing special.	4
7331	Need to update the menu because it's missing the breakfast items and the numbers. Other than that it's McDonald's!	3
7332	Homeless people sleeping near the entrance way/Management didn't seem to care.	1
7333	They  didn't  put  in my  chisburger  cheese  and meat	1
7334	Under construction for now. Only accept drive-thru.	4
7335	"Burgers are better now, the fry's are still great"	3
7336	Slow service. Wrong order	2
7337	"Super clean and ""fast"" fast food restaurant."	4
7338	My familiy love's this place for breakfast	5
7339	Good coffee and good breakfast to  a good day	5
7340	Disappointing service. Took forever to get a simple meal.	2
7341	This is an expensive McDonald  	3
7342	Fast employees very nice	5
7343	"Typical Micky D's!  Inattentive service, Luke warm burger and cold french fries."	3
7344	I went to get some dollar items which they did not have.	1
7345	When it's 2 for 5$ I'm happy..	5
7346	"Under construction, best to avoid until it is finished."	2
7347	Delivery speed is not quick for drive through.	3
7348	The best food ever and best worker named ally	5
7349	"Poor service, rude attitude"	1
7350	its fast food but slow you now	1
7351	"It's as if I was at HOME..
Very pleasant..."	5
7352	I love McDonald's coffee. It's hot reasonable.	5
7353	Always good for a quick bite to eat.	3
7354	The McD's on Augustine Dr. is much better.	4
7355	"I tried the signature smokehouse, premium flavors"	5
7356	Stopped for some fast food.	4
7357	"good food, nice associates"	5
7358	"I mean, its micky d's.  Good stuff"	4
7359	they take the fast out of fast food	3
7360	Undergoing renovations. This is corporate location not franchisee	3
7361	Long wait time for online orders	2
7362	No lids or peanuts or whip cream for the Sundaes       	2
7363	Costs about 80 cents more than other McDonald's	3
7364	Its a McDonald's - no complaints!	5
7365	Sitting on the patio makes my day perfect!	5
7366	"It's Mcdonalds,what else is there to say."	5
7367	It was very good thank you	5
7368	Consistent great food from the double arches	4
7369	"Garlic fries we're awful!!!
STONE COLD!
FOOD COLD OFTEN!!
YUCK!        "	1
7370	The service is so decent and speedy.	2
7371	Good. Food is always consistent	3
7372	"Under staffed, line wrapped around the block and didn't move."	1
7373	Online orders are not honoured here	1
7374	What can I say. I'm loving it	5
7375	Very clean	4
7376	I always like their coffee :)	5
7377	"A decent McDonald's. A little outdated, but open 24 hours which is a plus."	3
7378	So fast. So tasty.	5
7379	I hope every meal is a happy one!	5
7380	Promotion mobile coupon s are great.	5
7381	Slow and order was wrong several times.	1
7382	Chicken nuggets are the best same with the fries.	5
7383	Service was fast and food hot	5
7384	It's McDonals. It's what it is. Good staff though!	3
7385	"Good people,  good service"	3
7386	No longer open to walk ins 24hrs	3
7387	Very busy place. But ok.	5
7388	Eh. Good When You're On The Road.	3
7389	Clean.. But soda machine out of order.	3
7390	Never get your order right.	3
7391	Always good. Very clean	4
7392	Always quick at the drive-up	4
7393	This place great local hang out	5
7394	Good after renovation	5
7395	Stopped serving all day breakfast.	1
7396	good curbside pickup experience	5
7397	Poor customer service.	1
7398	Under construction. No drive thru.	4
7399	Not too bad for McDonald's.	4
7400	For a lunch on the go - not too shabby of a place	4
7401	Love me some McDonald's!	5
7402	If you are hungry after exercise.. haha	5
7403	Decent area and good service.	4
7404	It's okay could be better..	3
7405	Dirty... Service is really not there.	3
7406	Very hot food and nice	5
7407	"Good location, very clean!"	5
7408	Big Macs not what they once were	3
7409	Good food. Good service.	4
7410	Always provides best food	5
7411	"Close to work, fast and easy    "	5
7412	Cheap food. Make sure you get a straw	4
7413	"Well maintained, corporate owned"	4
7414	Nice service.	4
7415	"Burgers too small, but thats almost everywhere"	4
7416	Very good food and service	4
7417	Good store	5
7418	Unorganized- get it together Mc D's!	1
7419	Not 24 hours. Closed at 3am?	1
7420	Food was  cold  rude staff	1
7421	Decent McDonald's Clean and fast	3
7422	Reliable McDonald with drive-in facility.	4
7423	"Good food, fast services"	5
7424	Wifey  cravings  .. her favorite  McDonald's	5
7425	They need more workers here	3
7426	24 hours dine in .... That's what I like	3
7427	Fast service.. Okay maintenance..	4
7428	It's not open 24 hours!	1
7429	Got cold fries one day	3
7430	Good and timely service.	4
7431	Great ! Something new fresh	4
7432	Exactly what you expect and nothing else.	2
7433	It's a McDonald's. Exactly as you would expect...	3
7434	"No frills, friendly to everyone"	4
7435	Good fast service	5
7436	Greta place  good people	5
7437	Clean fast and friendly	5
7438	Great customer service.	4
7439	Great customer service!	5
7440	"Friendly staff, food as expected"	5
7441	Easy to access and nice place	4
7442	Got my order wrong	3
7443	No leadership to teach how to run business!!!!!!	1
7444	Fast and courteous service	5
7445	Shake machine seems to be always out	3
7446	Like their southwestern salad	4
7447	NO TOILET PAPER. WHEN I WENT. BAD BAD          	1
7448	McDonald's uses Uber Eats	5
7449	Good service!	5
7450	Cold food slow service	2
7451	It's McDonald's... lol what am I supposed to say?	3
7452	Really fast service	5
7453	Good for quick bite!	5
7454	"It's McDonald's, a classic, what's not to love!"	5
7455	"Open Thanksgiving, open Christmas. Bam."	5
7456	I love the chicken choices	5
7457	Not bad	4
7458	Best food	5
7459	   	3
7460	Always fresh... thanks	5
7461	Frech fries is the best.	5
7462	No open 24hs as promised	1
7463	Quick service	5
7464	cold food	1
7465	Delicious mmmmy favorite	5
7466	Hi tech people from silicone valley	4
7467	Good & friendly folks.	5
7468	All time classic	5
7469	Oooh the bathroom has a mirror	5
7470	Same as any other McDonald's.	4
7471	Always clean restroom	4
7472	regular fast food chain restaurant	3
7473	Omg so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood	5
7474	"It's mcdees, what the can you add"	4
7475	why you guys always forget items after the ordering???????????	1
7476	it is what it is. not gourmet but that's not expected	4
7477	Just a glorified playground for children	3
7478	The kids like nuggets.	5
7479	"Fast and edible, as expected."	3
7480	Take out brunch	5
7481	I go to McDonlalds Everyday!!!	5
7482	Excellent service!	5
7483	Professional staff.  Clean restroom.	4
7484	Good but dry	3
7485	Very kind and polite	4
7486	It's good	4
7487	It's a McDonald's. Just like the other million.	3
7488	Life saver at night time	5
7489	Nice clean place	4
7490	"Tis a Mcdonald's, what more can you ask for."	4
7491	Just ok	4
7492	Ok place	3
7493	Hot and yummy	5
7494	Ok long wait.	2
7495	Ice cream machine broke	1
7496	Too many mistakes here	2
7497	Service isn't that good	1
7498	It's ok	2
7499	I love mcdonalds	5
7500	It's ok	3
7501	Good food for fast food	5
7502	Not a family restaurant.	1
7503	Too slow	1
7504	It's ok	3
7505	"Fresh, polite, and fast"	4
7506	The food is good	5
7507	Consistently good	5
7508	Fast good people	5
7509	Ok	5
7510	Coffee id good	4
7511	Fast service	5
7512	To fast	5
7513	Good fast food	4
7514	I like breakfast here	5
7515	24 hours service	5
7516	Your a salad at driver in	4
7517	Great service.	4
7518	Same old McDonald's.	4
7519	Fast and easy	5
7520	Good price	4
7521	It's food i guess.	5
7522	Quick and accurate!	5
7523	Fast and tasty	5
7524	It's open 24hrs	3
7525	Decent Chicken Tenders	4
7526	Fast service..	4
7527	Friendly place to hangout	5
7528	Fry's!	5
7529	Great!	5
7530	"Unfriendly, small cone"	1
7531	They are trying  	2
7532	Fast and hot food!	5
7533	I'm loving it	5
7534	Ok service	3
7535	Good	2
7536	friendly service	5
7537	Good	5
7538	Hot and fast	5
7539	Good service	4
7540	Umm umm Delicious	5
7541	Great!!	5
7542	Good	5
7543	Service excellent	4
7544	Ok	3
7545	Ok	3
7546	Clean and fast	4
7547	Good for everyone	4
7548	Quick and accurate.	5
7549	Great service	5
7550	Yuck	1
7551	Upgrade the restaurant	5
7552	Bad Service.	1
7553	Slow as molasses!!	3
7554	open at midnight.	4
7555	Expensive garbage.	1
7556	Good	5
7557	Matt is cool	5
7558	Fastfood	2
7559	Nice	5
7560	Reliable	5
7561	Awesome as always	4
7562	Gotta love it	5
7563	Goodness	5
7564	Quick	4
7565	Good management	5
7566	Nice	4
7567	Good	4
7568	Solid	5
7569	Its mcdonalds... Enough said	4
7570	Great crew	5
7571	Fast	4
7572	Great	5
7573	awesome	5
7574	Awesome service	5
7575	Also great	5
7576	Great	5
7577	Love McDonald  	5
7578	Good	5
7579	Fast courteous	5
7580	Just another M.	3
7581	Friendly staff	3
7582	Good	4
7583	Great place	5
7584	Good place	4
7585	Rude	1
7586	Good place	4
7587	friendly staff	4
7588	Very Clean	5
7589	Good  place	3
7590	Slow as death.	3
7591	Nice place	5
7592	Same	4
7593	Yum	5
7594	Just dirty	1
7595	Busy place	3
7596	Sucks	1
7597	OK	3
7598	Same as always	4
7599	Typical McDonald's	3
7600	Hit or miss	1
7601	Excellent 	5
7602	It  is what it is	5
7603	Kinda seedy	3
7604	It's McDonalds.	3
7605	Hey is McDonald's	5
7606	Basic McDonald's	3
7607	Overpriced	1
7608	It's McDonald's.	5
7609	Its McDonald's	4
7610	It's a McDonald's	4
7611	It's McDonald's	4
7612	Just McDonald	3
7613	McDonalds.	4
7614	"It's a famous chain fast food.
Try to see if there is a difference with Korea
Personally, it tasted better than Korea."	5
7615	"For the first time, I noticed that drinks can be refilled freely.
It was hard to tell where the tomato ketchup came out.
2019/02/19 Ordered an egg McMuffin. Same taste all over the world."	3
7616	"Due to the corona virus, we are only doing takeout.
I used to do a drive-thru.
A service where you can order on the app and pick it up at the counter seems convenient.
It's a pity that my phone doesn't support it  "	4
7617	I ordered a large cheeseburger and got two cheeseburgers!	5
7618	"They walk as if asleep, the cashier didn't even know what he was buying and for me they badly cooked the meat with all the paper and they gave it to me, you can't imagine how disgusted it gave me"	1
7619	"Mmmm, their breakfast Eggs, bacon and cheese biscuit are delicious. For that you get a hash brown and coffee."	4
7620	Because the manager and her cats are abusive liars and I tell them because this lady is a discriminator despite the fact that she is a Mexican who when they have a little puss they think they are duos	1
7621	"Very bad service, almost every time I go they tell me to wait and they take too long to deliver my things   "	1
7622	"Terrible place, even though it's 5 minutes from my house, I'll never go to that place again. I'd rather go to the next McDonald's, even if it's a little further away, but they know how to serve their customers there"	1
7623	I like it                                  	5
7624	McDonald's is McDonald's everywhere in the world. In the US it's even more junk.	3
7625	Very kind. And fast. And the place is very clean	5
7626	Simply tasty and sweet.	5
7627	"35 minutes in line just to order, the line was all the way to the parking lot         "	1
7628	Little took but worth it	5
7629	Very good attention and excellent service   	5
7630	They give you the wrong orders and they charge you more	1
7631	Very bad service and they last from birth to serve one	5
7632	"What do you think my hamburger went against the receipt of the order, what do you think?"	2
7633	It tastes like the one in Taiwan	4
7634	Good service and above all fast	4
7635	"Better than those of Mexico, good quality of meat"	5
7636	Good attention and fast	5
7637	My fast and aoratibo place	5
7638	Very good service	5
7639	Why do you attend quickly?	5
7640	Good service	5
7641	Good service	5
7642	Excellent to rest.	5
7643	The food is not expensive and it is fast.	4
7644	the taste we know	4
7645	Eh	5
7646	Well	5
7647	                	4
7648	                	5
7649	there is no good service	1
7650	Good 	4
7651	Best McDonald's in California!!!!	5
7652	Well attended	4
7653	Neutral	3
7654	Excellent 	5
7655	Excellent 	5
7656	Neutral	3
7657	Poor 	2
7658	Excellent 	5
7659	Good 	4
7660	Excellent 	5
7661	Excellent 	5
7662	Excellent 	5
7663	Excellent 	5
7664	Excellent 	5
7665	Good 	4
7666	good place	5
7667	Excellent 	5
7668	Excellent 	5
7669	Excellent 	5
7670	Good 	4
7671	Devil	2
7672	Fast	5
7673	great food	5
7674	Excellent 	5
7675	Poor 	2
7676	Caca popoo	1
7677	Chingones.breakfasts	5
7678	Good 	4
7679	Excellent 	5
7680	Eh	1
7681	good breakfast	5
7682	Excellent 	5
7683	Excellent 	5
7684	Excellent 	5
7685	Neutral	3
7686	Neutral	3
7687	Excellent 	5
7688	Good 	4
7689	Good 	4
7690	Excellent 	5
7691	Excellent 	5
7692	Poor 	2
7693	Excellent 	5
7694	Good 	4
7695	Neutral	3
7696	Good 	4
7697	Good 	4
7698	Excellent 	5
7699	Excellent 	5
7700	Neutral	3
7701	Good 	4
7702	Poor 	2
7703	Neutral	3
7704	Terrible	1
7705	Good 	4
7706	Neutral	3
7707	Poor 	2
7708	Terrible	1
7709	Terrible	1
7710	Good 	4
7711	Good 	4
7712	Neutral	3
7713	Excellent 	5
7714	Good 	4
7715	Terrible	1
7716	Excellent 	5
7717	Good 	4
7718	Excellent 	5
7719	Excellent 	5
7720	Neutral	3
7721	Good 	4
7722	Excellent 	5
7723	Neutral	3
7724	Excellent 	5
7725	Good 	4
7726	Good 	4
7727	Excellent 	5
7728	Excellent 	5
7729	Neutral	3
7730	Neutral	3
7731	Neutral	3
7732	Excellent 	5
7733	Excellent 	5
7734	Excellent 	5
7735	Good 	4
7736	Excellent 	5
7737	Excellent 	5
7738	Good 	4
7739	Neutral	3
7740	Good 	4
7741	Good 	4
7742	Excellent 	5
7743	Excellent 	5
7744	Neutral	3
7745	Excellent 	5
7746	Excellent 	5
7747	Excellent 	5
7748	Excellent 	5
7749	Good 	4
7750	Good 	4
7751	"Visit this place as it is close to my house. Everything is well organized and quick service. The staff are also very friendly. And the place is pleasant and clean.
Will definitely recommend it.
And also it's open 24 hours which is even better and also it has drive through.
I will be coming often every week."	5
7752	Please do not waste your time or money going to this store. They are ripping people off	1
7753	"A friend and I placed two separate mobile orders for drive through and theses two female employees are refusing to give us our orders because it didn                           t go through supposedly so we show them a receipt. They gave my friend his food, but they were refusing to give him his drink and my food. These to employees gave us a hard time calling us names in Spanish which we could understand what they said. We go to this McDonald                           s quite often and never had a problem until today they insult us and being rude for their mistake and not paying attention thankfull"	1
7754	Pulled up to the drive through. Never got anyone to take my order. Car pulls into other com spot instantly get order taken. I wait some more a second and third car goes through the order. I sat there 3 or 4 minutes and 3 cars on the other side before I pulled away. Never had this problem at this before and I go here once a week bc I work down the road. But I will not return because it's nonsense. The car before me in that lane got there order through no problem.	1
7755	Did drive through because of time of day (5:30am). Got the Sausage Egg McMuffin with decaf coffee. Window drive through ladies were very pleasant and polite...even brewed fresh decaf for us!!               	4
7756	"There ""service"" today was terrible. The menu displayed was not even available so when ordering from it you were told to order something else they never came to the window to collect the money after waiting in line for 10 minutes at window one simply to pay for my order I ended up driving away. If your not staff for a 24 hour business close at night."	1
7757	"One of my favorites places for gatherings and quick bites. They are quick, great customer service and excellent teamwork atmosphere. Keep the good work.    "	4
7758	I hate this location more and more. I come atleast 3x a week for breakfast between 5-7am. Today the system is                            down                            they are not taking cards or the app. Cash only and no receipts also my change is short but since there is no receipt what can I do? 90% 	1
7759	"Worst experience at McDonald                           s
Lady was so sarcastic and rude.
Not to mention she looked super unprofessional.
Super rude service at speaker and worse at the window.
She realized I was upset over the terrible service and has the audacity to say                            you having a bad day?                           
I really tried not to argue and fight over some ignorant person being miserable over their job getting paid $10 so I said
                           Im great                           
I ask for the price because she never told me it and she sucked her teeth rolled and her eyes at me and told me it.
And then charged me.

She was giving me this nasty death e like I             l cause I used to work for McDonald                           s. Every quarter meat is cooked to order, the McDonald                           s was empty "	1
7760	"Terrible! Ordered an artisan grilled chicken sandwich and this is what I got. Old soggy lettuce. So that tells me the person preparing the sandwich just didnt care or that this restaurant does not care about keeping fresh items in their kitchen. $8 for this meal to get home just to throw out this sorry excuse for a sandwich. And this was after I had to go BACK through the drive through a second time because my son's happy meal was missing the fries. I mean isn't there a screen that shows what should go in the bags before handing to the customer? And after the second time through I got home to that trash sandwich and they also forgot the sauce for the nuggets, even through I saw it on my receipt so they knew I wanted it, and hot cakes without butter. Just carelessness on all fronts at this location. Oh and when I got to the pick-up window I told the woman I have a boy so please put a boy toy in the happy meal, and she said all of our toys are unisex. I will include a picture of his ""unisex"" toy. Take the time and drive pass to the next McDonalds along your route."	1
7761	They need better training on how the app works if the payment doesn                           t go thru it tells you payment failed it would not give you a code to pick up food if it                           s not paid for  tonight                           s crew  the so called manager 11:40pm 12/08 do better if a 30% coupon was applied and the payment came out and the app generates a code why would we have to pay you $5more dollars that would make us pay full price 30% off is the $5                                                                                                                              shows it out of my account they tell me it didn                           t go thru so I have to pay again at the store no way how does that even make sense cancel order once again food an time wasted get new employees who know what they are doing it                           s always the	1
7762	As we walk in a girl behind the counter identify her self as the manager  she said her name was Maria  with a real nasty attitude disrespectful to the customer saying if I'm off the clock I'm not helping any one I felt really ashamed to be standing there witnessing the way the customer infront of me being treated so I left to go somewhere else	1
7763	"If I could give this place a -0000000 I would. I placed my order and paid at 8:20pm.  I waited literally over 30 minutes for my food. Once I received my food, I made sure to check to see if everything was there. The order was completely WRONG. How do you get an order wrong when everything is on the receipt? I will never understand. The fries were cold and once the order was remade we got home only to find out that the meat was raw. Never again.                            Having a lot of orders                            shoul"	1
7764	"Therese some more good places than this one ,                      "	1
7765	Lack of customer service. I wish McDonald's will invest in improving their hospitality more than  spending alot of money in advertising .	2
7766	I did the drive thru service the lady who collected the money at the window was awesome I'm so sorry I didn't get her name. She put a smile on my face.	4
7767	"Almost perfect.. language barrier I believe caused the confusion on a very simple not too light large Iced coffee, no flavor, 2 creams, and 2 pumps of sugar. 5 min later I left with their version of my request. The associate remained  professional and polite. Even through my obvious frustration. I give her 5      "	4
7768	Omg !! Where to even begin !!! I always order from here !! However they can NEVEr get my order right ! Not to mention I  was hung up on hung up on by the manager . Who had green hair!! Like that                         	1
7769	"A young girl Maria calls herself the manager is rude,unprofessional argues with customer when the customer claimed that she was ignored at the counter she became very confrontational and screaming."	1
7770	Stopped over to pick up a coffee.Manager wanted to charge me for milk in my coffee? Creamer is ok?? Will avoid this place next time.	1
7771	"This location is adequate. The staff are generally nice. The place is nice looking and inviting. Unless the food is super fresh-off-the-grill, it doesn't warrant the increases in price the last few years. If you want to eat cheap and slightly more healthy, I'd recommend Subway in the strip mall behind McD's."	3
7772	"Worst customer service ever, try order at speaker no answer then went to window n was treated like trash by manager jeina and employee joein, they definitely don't deserve their position,they don't care about customer, I told them I wanted to order Tru window cuz had no answer in speaker and joeine said if I don't go around I would stay parked at window all night then he cursed me and closed the window I wish I had a camerA on to show this to the world all over social media shame on McDonald's, I definitely will avoid this business for rest of my life this happen today November 23rd 4am 2022"	1
7773	Cold food and an unusual long wait in drive thru	1
7774	Worst wait times ever...and u never get a response at the drive thru until u say hello a few times	1
7775	"Went to order drive-thru and not sure if it was the person was training or technical difficulties, but the person who was taking the order could not understand or hear us. After repeating ourselves several times, I                           m guessing a manager took over but she had the NASTIEST attitude over the speakerphone. I was clear on my order but I                           m guessing the workplace must                           ve been stressful for her to had taken my order the way she did. It                           s McDonald                   "	2
7776	The chicken.nuggets was cold.also the bread         	4
7777	"Typical McDonalds.  Good hot food, quick service and you know what to expect."	5
7778	Well I never been to a McDonald's were they allowed pitbulls. That bark and wine for hours.. I felt not safe with a big pitbull. It was not a working dog.  They are 3 black guys hanging out talking about drugs and woman and partying and been there for more than. 5 hours I didn't see them with. Anything to eat or drink.  Just turned the McDonald's in too a hang out spot and a night club.. cursing laughing while there is child's present.. the manager is a joke... Doesn't do anything about it.	5
7779	"I didn't t like the kiosks, I rather have someone take my order instead"	4
7780	There is always a situation in this location besides waiting time and not serving the right order today what                           s the worst of all times I was in the driveway and waiting for my turn to be served they made me wait for 10 minutes and the lane next to me was passing like two times and then I park my car and I get off my and walk inside the store and I asked for the manager and the manager came out looked at me and then when inside and then come back and  I explain the whole situation and then make wait again                            ..she went inside talk to someone who was in charge of the drive line  and then come back and they t giving me hart time about the order             	1
7781	"Every time i came to this place the ice cream machine never works so never i can try milshake or things like that but every time i approached to the drive through i see the employees drinking shakes or eating ice cream!!!. Then food very poor make it. Every time I visit it's at night at Drive Trough!. I keep coming sometimes  because my little girl loves it. And I always tough it will be better But Nop it's not. Bad Service, Bad Attitude poorly food made."	1
7782	Sign's all say 24hrs...printed paper on drive thru menu board...we will reopen at 5am due to system being down. Doubtful...at least they could be honest...will reopen at 5am because we can't find anyone to work overnight. This has been going on for nearly two years now.	1
7783	"Mcdonald lately its service is not God. People in there including the manager are not the same as always. They don't have patience, they don't treat people like it use to be.  Right now Chick-fil-a is way better than McDonald in god service period."	1
7784	"it's local so our most used location and it's really as you would expect with McDonald's in general. Sometimes it's great and no issues and sometimes food is a little colder than you'd hope for or missing items from orders and such. I'd say we have more good experiences than ""bad"" and 4 is fair."	4
7785	Gave it a 2nd chance.  They don't clean out their tea machine.  Unsweetened tea tastes bad.  Pay 2.15 for a large tea and they want me to bring it back.  Money returned first time and this time it will cost more in gas to turn around.  Don't use this mcds.  Unprofessional and dirty	1
7786	"Horrible management and customer service
I could give this location zero s I would. I waited in line for 30 minutes to place and order.
Then 12 minutes to pay for it. Once they handed me my food the fries were cold so I asked for fresh fries. The cashier gave me and attitude then said something to the manager who came to the window saying he made the fries and I said they are cold can I have fresh fries? He repeated that he made them and if I wanted fresh fries I would have to pull over. I stated I have been waiting 45 minutes Ill wait right here. So he slammed the window shut and called the police. I moved
the car and 30 minutes later Im still waiting, no police have come so I asked for a refund. He refused to refund me and ted cursina like crazv."	1
7787	Some type of plastic found in my burger after checking to see if it had onions in it after I asked for no onions( of course it had onions) called no answer	1
7788	Arrived 10:45 and NO SERVICE NO RESPONSE TO THE DRIVE THRU	1
7789	I                           m road tripping from broward and the service here is great. The cashier was beyond nice and the custodian m	5
7790	The guest ambassador  was watching us while we ate it was kinda nerve racking  and annoying  food can be fresh at times  butthen again  it depends on who is working	3
7791	"I ordered 2picy chicken with two small fries.
I was in a hurry & didn                           t check the bag.
When I got home & ready to eat, it was short 1picy chicken.
I went back to McDonald       "	5
7792	I ordered 2 cheese burgers and a fry. The fries were good. The burgers were wrong. They put them in cheese burger wrappers but never added the cheese.	3
7793	They got mostly all the orders wrong and also had a few customers including myself waiting more than 10 minutes	2
7794	"When this restaurant switched from Corporate to Franchise a few years ago, I was really happy with the changes that were made, the owner was seen there frequently, the employees seemed happy to be working there and everything was running smoothly. Now in 2022 the lines are terrible, when taking your order they give you the total without asking if more items were needed, seldomly the employees smile at you, and you see that the employees are bothered by the customers. I stopped visiting as often as I did because the service went downhill. Today I visited only because a friend wanted some food for her son. Unless serious changes are made I don't plan to visit again."	2
7795	"I like the new touch screen kiosk for placing order its Cool, play area is small but it's clean. Great staff !"	5
7796	"""Food health safety"" is not in the vocabulary of the staff at this location. Every time I get food from here (usually through someone else going to this location despite me telling them specifically NOT to go to this one) I get stomach pains, diarrhea, and sometimes I even vomit the morning after. Once called to complain and their response was ""just don't eat at this McDonald's"". What a joke, this place should be shut down

Edit: almost forgot to mention the one time they didn't even cook a patty all the way through. Was still pink in the middle. Like, you have one job when you're grilling burgers."	1
7797	Iam love'n it! The staff is great! Very nice people that work their! At the times when I stop by headed to Haines City to visit family week or weekends! Keep up the good work!	5
7798	"McDonald's quality, What can I say the quality taste and preparation have gone straight down the toilet. Of the 3, taste is suffered the most. there.  fries used to be the best now they're the worst  It's so bad I try to use McDonald's as a last resort.      The last resort"	1
7799	This McDonald's is soppesdly 24 hrs but always says they can't take orders around 3am ! This is b.s ! And it's constantly yet the one near waterford lakes has no issues taking orders!? There needs to be new management seriously!	1
7800	"This McDonalds has quickly gone downhill over the last year. Service is slow, on Friday evening or night plan to spend 20 to 30 mins in the drive-thru, and you better check your order before you leave. Multiple times items have been missing from my order and just last week I only got 10 of my 20 pieces for the 20 piece nugget I ordered.

If this is what we can look forward to as minimum wage continues to climb I won't be getting this for my kids much in the future and will just make chicken nuggets and fries at home..."	2
7801	"The most incompetent staff and management I've ever experienced in a fast food restaurant. Items missing in my order even after I asked if it was placed in the bag, Rude staff, very unprofessional, laughing/ joking with other employees while on the headset taking my order. Business number that appears online is disconnected, so you can't reach any management. Not even thru the survey online you can get anyone from corporate. Definitely I rather microwave a dollar burrito than come back here."	1
7802	"Jose was great everyone was so nice
Place is very clean everywhere"	5
7803	"Excellent customer service.
My daughter is special needs and they went above and beyond to assist us.
They greet you and assist you with a smile and a lady was coming around asking if everything was okay and if we were happy by the end of our dinner.
They also keep it very clean and tidy.
And the food was delicious.
Five s are not  enough."	5
7804	Food is usually good but they mess up orders pretty frequently. My last double cheeseburger had a piece of chicken in the middle instead of beef. It'll get the job done though.	4
7805	I some times go to this fast food place just to get my coffee fix when I feel like having coffee	5
7806	"Fast food with tast quality that is slowly diminished till it helps tast is terrible.  I remember going McDonald's as a child the fries were the BEST now they're the worst, sloppy gooey mess. I actually use McDonald's as an absolute totally worst and last case scenario"	1
7807	"Went at 11 pm after a night out with the kids. The drive thru person that was taking my order was the MANAGER TATIANA she was rushing me throughout my whole order and even said OH MY GOD because she was getting aggravated. The one person that has to set the example of customer service should be fired. I've never had a manager to any establishment talk to me in that way. And to top everything off the nuggets to all my orders were so sheet and not crunchy, like they sat on the warmer for hours because the employees were too lazy to fry up new ones. This McDonald's has gone so downhill. First it was the employees now it's management. They need a whole new crew"	1
7808	Nice quiet time for a quick burger.  Not many people were inside but the drive thru was busy.	5
7809	Went on a ice cream run for my pregnant wife and I know you don't go to McDonald's for their outstanding customer service lol however this visit the staff was unbelievably rude. It almost felt like a skit on what would you do.	1
7810	Had breakfast menu in the drive thru but the guy said he dosnet know why there up so he goes on to say we                       	1
7811	They were ok. Fast st drive through but my breakfast sandwiches always seem to be far less hotter than my hash browns  It makes not want to eat it.	3
7812	"This place makes it difficult to spend money here. They cannot get a drive through order correct to save their lives, they turn away cash money, and they generally have rough customer service at best. Save yourself the trouble, go down the street to damn near anywhere else."	1
7813	"The employees seem to be too busy talking then making the orders correctly.  Them men's restroom is gross as well, looks like they don't bother cleaning it."	1
7814	Mosr of the food was delivered after we were sent to the parking lot since it was 2 big breakfasts and a mcgriddle with 3 drinks. Food was delivered within a few minutes but after waiting 10 minutes we had to go back into the drive through. Because they forgot our drinks. After we went back they gave it and when we went home they forgot to give us straws and the extra hashbrown we ordered. Food good but lacking service. Very nice cashier lady but the food handler wasnt as nice.	2
7815	Chicken nuggest are good in my book when first made. I can't stand ordering food and smelling like it. McDonald's isn't really a place I go to. The place seems questionable.	1
7816	Clean and friendly service!	4
7817	"I usually DONT have a problem with McDonald's but tonight was different.  I was ordering something for my granddaughter,  then I wanted something for myself.  I was looking at the menu and the person who was taking my order was very impatient with me,  acting as if I was preventing her from going sometwh.ere.  I said can you give me a minute please,  she replied under her breath ""that's all you had to say in the first place "" then when I went around to pay, she disappeared and had someone else accept my payment.  Then I was handed  my food  with es and nothing Said by the staff. Needless to say,  I threw away the food. Not about to play games with these little high school kids.  A company who cares about their reputation should try to train and manage their workers before hiring them.  Horrible service tonight."	2
7818	How hard is it to give people the right order?? The drive thru chick with the braces was too busy gossiping with her friend to give me the correct order on 09/25/21 at 9:15-9:30am. Stop gossiping in Spanish and work. $15 an hour where??? Hell No	1
7819	"Uusually I like McDonald's but not today..  Ordered a crispy chicken deluxe meal.. Everything was cold, especially the fries.  The one thing they usually don't mess up.  YUK!!"	2
7820	"The worst Mc Donald's I have ever encountered.
Order just 2ausage McMuffin with egg when I got it the bread was so hard at then ends it gum as I bit it I took both back after I got the fresh sandwiches I left I had to again return cause those new sandwiches had no eggs I wasted 26 min of my UBER/LYFT time even had to cancel ride .

These managers there needs to be on point and consistent with there employee and monitor a little more the food that goes out the store already cooked."	1
7821	"Terrible experience at the drive thru. Whats going on mickey d's?

First, girl at the window messed up my order, then she gave me only 1traw for an order of 2 drinks. To add worse on my list of service, she waved my drink up and down at me like i'm a dog.

Thank you, i won't be back anytime soon."	1
7822	They used to be great but now the new managers are not trying to make customers happy. I asked for fries during breakfast and was told no the new store manager said they can't comply. I even told them I would wait. The other staff here are great and friendly. Sorry that your new managers are not following the corporate way	2
7823	"Thanks for the perfect iced coffee I got. The price for $1.49 for a large you can not go wrong. I go here about every couple days since it is almost in my back yard. The food usually is good and service is fast. Friendly staff serving you. I am so glad that this location is remodeling the play area,So excited to see how it will look considering I can walk there in 15 min. Gotta Love It!!"	4
7824	"You guys mess up my Uber orders every time without fail. Whether it be a straw, a drink, an entire meal, or even an apple pie- you guys forget at least one of those things every time. I reordered the items that were missing from my previous Uber Order today and as soon as my courier reached your McDonald                           s, you guys disabled your Uber eats opti"	1
7825	"You know what you get for food. Good. Today no one was paying attention. Line backed up while cashier was helping confused customer, manager came to help. Then left. Two customers left, and , no one knew it. Suggested to cashier another register should have opened. Only the one she was on was opened. Seemed to be lots of staff. Just saying ."	3
7826	"Every time it never fails that you mess up, my Uber Eats order is always incomplete. The fries are always old. On an average, I spend over $30 for you to mess it up. Either you forget the sauce for the nuggets or you forget to put straws in the bag."	1
7827	"I went to drive through
And some of the employees are very rude not customer friendly
They messed up my order
Everything if not my food is cold I will never but from them.ever again my husband and I highly recommend do yourself a favor gi buy at mc donalds in the other south obt location tgere food always fresh and they very  friendly"	1
7828	"Can't remember the last time I was here.  Great job to them!! Not 1 issue & the food was very good!! Every employee we had contact with, very pleasant & kind. The restaurant itself, very clean. Hats off to all of you!!     "	5
7829	"I needed a pick me up and stoped by for some iced coffee. Since I am diabetic , i can only have regular  cold coffee with milk , no flavored milk . Still i had to pay full price for a med cold coffee  (with only 3 ice cubes I wished for ) came out for almost 2 $ ! I think this is pretty unfair , overpriced and pure profit ! So I am not ever going to buy anything from Mc.Donald anymore ."	1
7830	"Drive through was exceptionally speedy when I got waived off to park. I had asked for a cup of water to still get waived off. I get my meal and asked about my cup of water the staff member seemed to not car and walked away. I walked in to ask for a water cup to have the rest of the staff say that if I wanted a water cup with a lid in a small cup, I would have to be in drive through... Where I came from... It wasn't until a shift manager 3 associates later did they ok for me to have a child cup of water.... Water."	1
7831	"This location will park you for 15 minutes when you've only ordered 2 items. This forces me to order for pick up most times so I don't have to wait 15+ minutes. Otherwise, food is okay."	3
7832	I only give 3 because i was supposed to have an interview July 10th and the manager doing my interview was on vacation and no one called to reschedule or inform me....and when the manager came back from vacation i was still not contacted...very unprofessional. But food order is always accurate.    	3
7833	"Order @ the kiosk slow there DT seems to b a priority over dine in customers,I drive by the next time McDees needs to step up here!!"	5
7834	Dropped my food  as I was leaving and they replaced my order. I was so grateful. (Bag busted and food spilled out).	5
7835	"The manager and the staff here treat customers very disrespectful. I ordered two quarter pounders and they were pink in the middle. We asked for a remake and was told that's how they are made. After we pushed for a remake the ""redone"" was still pink. The manager sarcastically asked for extra extra extra well done burgers, at which I noticed the cooking staff laughing and one was wiping their nose and face with their arms. After I immediately cancelled my order and asked for a refund. The night staff compared to the day staff is just like that; night and day. If I could give no s I would."	1
7836	I don                           t know who gave them less than 5. But OMG! This filet o fish was cooked to order and had a perfect crunch on the crust. People who know me knows that I would not give a good review if it wasn                           t real.  Tonight I had a taste for this sandwich so I got in my car for a late night run. I                           m sooo surprised that this fish sandwich was sooo perfectly cooked. All was missing was a dash of a sweet seasoning salt. I wish I could tell the cook tonight well done!! We went back and got two more filet o fish sandwi	5
7837	"Worst McDonald's experience ever.  Do not visit this location. It doesn't matter how many times you ask for a special request with your food, they will still make it wrong and than lie to you when they give it to confirming your request was done, when in fact it was wrong the whole time.  They will not give you your complete order the first time, you have to drive around and wait inline again or go inside to get your order correct, and if you don't double check it at the counter, they may get it wrong again. I do not recommend this location to anyone.     "	1
7838	"Waited 10 minutes in front of drive thru pick up window, while 2 employees had their backs to me only to get cold soggy fries and a chicken sandwich that wasn't hot and tasted like it was cold leftovers.    So yeah this experience was GARBAGE"	1
7839	Orange juice add water..no taste n water flavor?? Water x extender juice..chiring... cheaper..not respect x costumer..then  server say I don't know..not take responsibility..not good	1
7840	As an employee of McDonald's I usually give them the benefit of the doubt but the nuggets we ordered were fried together making them raw in the middle and still served.  And never in a my years of working for McDonald's have I ever had undercooked fries that tasted hours old.	3
7841	Went at night. And it was terrible. These ladies take your order through drive thru and you wait and wait and wait. 30 minutes on the drive through. Call corporate on these ladies. Horrible service.Next time im hungry i will go somewhere else.	1
7842	"Horrible service,, manager Donnie did nothing to assist. Only drive thru was being served and that's because of it being timed."	1
7843	"Piss poor service. Didn't bring drinks over with our order. When we was asked for the cups, got nothing but a snotty nosed look and the server walked away and never returned.
Seemed to be the general attitude of all the staff involved including the senior on duty."	1
7844	"The cashier was super nice, but I received the wrong item at the drive- thru. My chocolate chip frappe did not seem to have a lot of chips in it. Overall the drinks and food were good though."	3
7845	If I could give zero s I would there lazy to make guava pies I ordered 3 and they gave me 2 I paid for 3! Then they said it                           s 12 mins to wait that                           s fi	1
7846	Terrible I thought they had great food at one point however I'm thinking that Burger King is going to be better for me from now on....the simple fact I went yesterday at 3:00 in the morning to go get a burger and they gave it to me ice cold then I had to wait on the line like about six cars in front of me in order for them to get the sandwich right then they put very little bit of lettuce which I asked for extra lettuce I don't care if I have to pay for it I just want my extra lettuce and no pickle on the double McDouble anyways I don't know but I might eat them but not as much as I was eating them before and as for their fries well they were good	1
7847	"The drive thru manager at night, is extremely disrespectful. Never going to this McDonald again. She does not talk to you without yelling or offending you."	1
7848	I was discriminated by a drive Thru today for me being hard of hearing . Employees at this McDonald's are always extremely rude. They should be thankful in hard times like now they have jobs. Went thru drive thru w my kids was placing my order and cashier told me she would not take my order cause I was not fast she also said things that were rude and inappropriate.	1
7849	The McDouble is terrible. Very dry and very little ketchup and mud on it. Couldn't finish my first one. Bread should taste soft and fresh. Meat should be juicy. And they through it together which makes a mess. And hardly any onions on it. Fries should be soft not hard and with plenty of salt on them. ALL burgers should be juicy. That's what makes a great burger.	2
7850	"This McDonald's is super fast on ordering, prep, and moving  cars thru the drive thru. Awesome in having the order prepared and correct."	5
7851	"We were in the DRIVE THROUGH  for 30 MINUTES.  They messed up a simple happy meal order. I went inside to speak to the manager and told him that the fries were ice cold and they never gave me the drink that comes with it.  The manager never apologized he just looked at me and said ""ok"". He gave me the drink and new fries.  The employee was the one that had to apologize for him because he didn't hear an apology from the manager either, so after a pause of the manager just ing at me the employee said I apologize. Unbelievable, how the training for these managers are at this store."	1
7852	It's McDonald's what can we say about food quality lol..I waited almost 10min. Food 2ausages and this particular McDonald's always messed up my order when I go through the dive through. The remodel was nice. I had the big breakfast platter and the got the steak instead of the sausage..big mistake..The steaks seems like some fake meat our something. Now I know	3
7853	"Stopped here after picking up my brother from school, there was a bit of a line but it moved pretty fast and the food was absolutely fantastic usually mcdonalds is hit or miss in multiple areas this location was fast service and really fresh food!!!!!"	5
7854	"If you want consistency, eat here.
Fries soaked in oil and still dripping. Service as low as can be. I really think the staff here stopped trying."	3
7855	About what you expect from a McDonald  	4
7856	"The people who work here are always kind to me when I go in. The food has always been correct, and I do tend to take something off when I order the McChicken sandwiches. The only issue I have is the time period in which they only accept cash, but I do not blame them. I just don't carry cash on me."	4
7857	"Is it Ghetto? Yes.
Was my order right? No.
Will I ever go back? No.
Will I recommend? Hell no.
The problem I had was that this McDonalds is in a not desirable area. Theres homeless roaming the streets and panhandling right in front of the entry of McDonalds.

If you want a clean, safe and nice atmosphere go to a McDonalds in a ritzy area. They do not tolerate these types of behaviors."	1
7858	The 1st window cashier was very rude she had a attitude I asked for the manager she act like she didn                           t care what went on in the store or cared to hear my complaint if someone has the correct number for 	1
7859	"Normal fast food, service was a little slower than normal due to not enough employees on site"	4
7860	"This 1 McDonald I'll say surpasses all in Central Florida. Being a father of two teenagers who are always hungry (!) and it's very convenient for me to stop by in a McDonald to pick up some snacks (burgers...).

I always park and go inside and order. I ordered on the kiosk and a lady (manager, perhaps) acknowledged me and in 4 minutes, I got my food whereas the drive through would've cost me at least 10 minutes.
Clean, fast and friendly service!"	5
7861	"Worst McDonald's visit ever. ted out standing at counter for 5 minutes before anyone looked at me and acknowledged us. Burgers so greasy you'd have to go out of your way to make them this bad. Ate in, took 30 min to get food, than messed up order. Burgers falling out of wrappers. Outside of wrappers soaked in grease. Cold fries."	1
7862	"Horrible service, nobody knows what they're doing, they short you on everything. The guy at the window with painted nails was listening to music on his phone with both earbuds in and didnt say a word to me, I ordered pancakes with sausage and a medium coffee. They gave me a small coffee and kept saying that's what a medium is now, and it wasnt even drinkable. I know this is my fault for not checking especially after that, there was no butter, syrup, napkins, or utensils in the bag for the pancakes and sausage. Never coming here again"	1
7863	The worst MCDONALD'S I've been to and I'm from NYC! The managers look like they dont shower and the food is always terrible!! Drive a few miles down john young and you will find better spots. DONT BRING YOUR MONEY HERE! HOPEFULLY THEY WILL GO OUT OF BUSINESS AND MAKE ROOM FOR A GOOD RESTAURANT!!!	1
7864	"I like to work here on days when I                           m in this area, but there                           s nowhere to plug in my laptop. I                           m informed by the staff that almost all McDonald                        "	1
7865	"bad service , was trying to order and the lady walked away after nothing was happening and she was just talking to a guy instead of helping and trust me if i could give 0 s i would but that                           s not possible. Thank you - Juliana and i would like a contact saying you fix this and maybe ev"	1
7866	"Lol I just like the guy who said my hair reminded me of someone in a movie, he was nice."	5
7867	"I will give 5 only if Mc Donald's bring the peanuts for the Sundays back.
They say is because some people are allergic.
But I'm not.
People has to know about what can eat and what can't eat.
Thank you Mc Donald's to make me eat my favorite Sundae without peanuts   "	3
7868	"6/9/2018 7:15pm. ordered food through drive through, paid at first window received drinks at second window, was told to park in curbside #2 to wait for the rest of my food. 20 minutes and 15+ cars roll through drive-thru before I went inside. there was some confusion as to what happened to my order and i spoke with a manager, he had informed me that my order was given to an Uber food delivery driver, and that they would remake my order. I agreed. the associate who gave my food away came up to apologize and offered me cookies? as a forgiveness? i informed him i just wanted my food so i could go. 10 more minutes in the restaurant and i was out the door. I will have to find another mcd's to go to from now on."	1
7869	I ordered a snack size mcflurry and they gave me a regular mcflurry and charged me for the snack size. Absolutely disgusting behavior from mcdonald's. If I could give them negative s I would.	1
7870	Could not get their head out of their own ass. tried to order my kids one being a McChicken with extra lettuce and pickles. I got the grill and they put pickles on the grill pickles.The Griddle it took three workers and two managers to still that's my order and still messed up.	1
7871	Great food and service!	5
7872	They were very slow. I literally waited 10 minutes on the drive thru. It was about 10 o'clock at night. I will not go to this one again.  Food was good but speed of service was horrible.    	2
7873	"The service was awesome. The manager was cleaning the dinning room. (I've never seen that happen) But the place was super clean, bathrooms smelled good, and the food was warm and ready!!!"	5
7874	"Good was good, but took 7 minutes to get me an iced coffee."	2
7875	"This is the most fickle drive through.  Some days they are on point and it's in and out.  Days like today, they have you pull forward to wait for your food. Eleven minutes later you walk in to see what the hold up is, and the bag of your food is sitting there on the counter. Who knows how long it had been there for and how many minutes I wasted due to an incompetent employee who probably thinks they should be making $15 an hour."	1
7876	"Worst customer service, manager actually rolled her eyes when I asked for a receipt, and told me that it's a giant pain in the ass, yeah that actually happened, their kiosk was allowing me to order food that they did not have and did not tell me this till I asked for the McRib and he's all we don't have that, I just ordered and payed for it...if I had not asked they would have never said anything about it. Stay Away! Unless you want to get rude service"	1
7877	"Good. Staff was friendly ,service was quick and my order was complete without any problems what so ever I'm satisfied!"	5
7878	"How this company hired a manager who doesn                           t speak English                           . Food was cold and nuggets were stale cold fries,"	1
7879	The 2 for give dollar deal was bad. I ordered two quarter pounders and they we're left over from the past definitely not fresh from frozen do worst burgers I've had at any mc Donald's	1
7880	Would have been nice to get some warm food and to not have to listen to the workers screaming and arguing through the hole meal.  Also could have lived w/o all the foul language the workers were using.  I will not be back!	1
7881	"I ordered a bacon McGriddle with White American cheese. They gave me Swiss. I acknowledged them the issue they said they only have white American cheese and no other white cheese. They are currently advertising the mushroom and Swiss burger.. that                           s a white cheese too I thought?

Or is the Swiss the only American cheese? Or does anyone not know the difference.

I need a manager. At least ask me if I want my food replaced with regular cheese.

So the McGriddle eventually was eaten "	1
7882	"App sucks, don't work because the restaurant does not show order. Employees and management does not care and act like they don't speak English. Unprofessional"	1
7883	Poor guess service no one greeted or even said anything at the drive thru even tho they r drive thru only	1
7884	"Love my McDonald's! They have the best employees! I go there 5 days a week on my way to work and they are always cheerful, fast and just a great way to t the day!"	5
7885	Love it clean friendly staff always get my order just the way I want it	5
7886	Always something for everyone	5
7887	Order two large fries both was burnt !! Not the frist time !! They will give nasty food when going threw the drive threw !!!	1
7888	"Ate here early I'm the morning.  Was clean,  quick, and quiet.  Far from my location but would cone again if in  the area."	5
7889	"I am tired of the inconsistency of this particular establishment. The first thing is that this is the only McDonalds in the area that ts serving breakfast at 3 am. It is next to a club and i am sure a burger sounds better after drinking, but anyway back to the inconsistency. I show up everyday at 2:45 am and sometimes i can get a qtr pounder and other days they say it's not on the late night menu. What really bugs me is that several time I am told breakfast only! No ody shows up at that time for a mcgriddle. Stop being lazy and make the food. Most of the breakfast is ready to slap together and is why they do it, but i show up before 3 am and I want a burger! Why can't the staff get their stuff together as i wrote this review 3 people drove off because they did not want breakfast either."	1
7890	Excellent place place . Great service . I had a great time in this restaurant just having a cappuccino and enjoying a relaxing moment there . They were very friendly .	5
7891	I ordered a burger and salad and they took 25 minutes to bring me my food. My entire lunch break was spent in the waiting area of the parking lot and looked like they didn't give me extra chicken on my salad as I paid for. Very disappointed.	1
7892	"Sometimes they are good and other times they are not worth spending you money they. Most are nice, BUT some do have attitudes."	3
7893	"I ordered two combos on the uber eats my total was 30 dollars and when my food arrived two of the shakes I ordered where missing, I called the mcdonalds and they never answered. Be carful when you order so that your money does not go to waste"	1
7894	"The fries were undercooked, they were soggy. I got them around 12am, other than that my nuggets were good"	3
7895	Great service. Service representatives are nice and helpful. Just don't forget to ask for extra condiments.	4
7896	"Ordered the buttermilk crispy tenders and when approach the counter after I paid they said will not be available until dec 28 in exchange only offer a 6 pc chicken nuggets, really a 6 pc nuggets. Plus they took so long just to tell me that."	1
7897	"Horrible! I hate to have to say that because I love Mc Donalds. No toilet paper no hand soap in the restroom and just plain dirty! When I told the manager she sent an employee to take care of it. I saw that he went in with the items and came back out and continued wirking with thebsame glives he used in the restroom Really? When I ordered they got the order wrong, no napkins in both napkin holders and no salt. In the dinning room most of the tables were dirty. The worst part is that they were not busy. Make it right please."	2
7898	"The service here was very rude they are very nasty when it comes to customers like they dont want to work, they only talk in spanish what about the ones that dont understand. That's not good service. Needs new management!"	1
7899	"They were fast and accurate,  many locations are not well ran but this one is. That's important when you have a 4 year old who asks for a happy meal once a on a while."	5
7900	"Got charged twice for a mobile order, and even when I went to get my curbside order, I ended waiting for 10 minutes and went to the side door, and even got disrespect from the manager of the store. Don't care how good their fries are, this just made me quit on Macdonalds all together."	1
7901	This place is always unorganized.  Every time we Uber they send the order with missing food. The staff is rude most of the time and to top it of they never pick up their phone.  They need some serious training .	1
7902	Service was fast but the guy at the window (Covered in tattoos) was drinking and sucking on his fingers while handling people's orders. The only reason I grab my order was because someone else prepared it.	1
7903	This place can never get a drive thru order right.  Even told the manager 3 times that I wanted round eggs and not the folded ones.  Everytime I do a drive thru ordered it's messed up.  Never again will I go there.  They suck.  Sorry.  Corporate is in town and they will hear about this place.	1
7904	Great service!! Sometimes they get orders wrong but they are always clean and are very nice and get my food fast    	4
7905	Never go to this McDonald's it's the worst if u complain about something they complain back the staff is slow rude and unhigenic I saw three employees use the rest room and not wash there hands even the manager has an attitude	1
7906	Same thing applies for any McDonald's short staff food is expensive and not prepared properly it seems like they cannot get the order right	1
7907	Only one line was open and the food delivery people made it longer for the people ordering in line. I waited 30 mins in line!! I won't be doing that again!!!	2
7908	A few minutes ago I placed an order and they gave me the wrong one and when I complained they responded with an unpleasant and nasty attitude.  The worst attention.	1
7909	"Don't eat at McDonald's often, but service seemed slower than usual there. Guess people don't want to work."	4
7910	The guy who took my order was rude and tried to tell me a small meal isnt a thing.                                     Not that long ago I worked at a mcdonalds. A small fry and a small drink with my san	1
7911	It's unacceptable to have to wait in the drive-thru for 40 minutes just to order food	1
7912	I ORDERED THE WHOLE MENU THEN I GOT FAT AFTER DONT RECOMMEND GOING HERE	1
7913	Many stores are closed.	3
7914	Order taker was a wee bit friendlier but person who gave me my food never saud a word. Food luke warm but order was correct	2
7915	"I understand that mistakes can be made, but when the order is done on Uber and you have the receipt and time to complete the order, how do you confuse a small Sprite for a tote of cookies?"	1
7916	Excellent getting my order perfect.  Many of their stores dont get order completely correct since I am particular about my orders.  This store was perfect	5
7917	"Very clean, friendly staff, fast table service. Wish the McDonald's in my home town were as nice as this one."	5
7918	The service has come a long way from two years ago but it's still not perfect... but then again nothing is perfect. The dining are was super clean.	4
7919	By far the worst is McDonald                           s in Orlando ask for a large sweet tea and I get a medium Coke and ask for a McChicken and I get	1
7920	Always prefer this place near my home. Great service	5
7921	Restaurant was clean and food was hot. Took four times to get a simple order right. The manager was finally about to get it right.	3
7922	Ina is absolutely amazing! Such a sweetheart and extremely helpful and attentive. I wish McDonald             	5
7923	"I ordered a big order online when I received my food, was no fries in any meal, no drink with the happy meal, and I tried to call to the store and no body answer the phone"	1
7924	"Drive through took 15 minutes. Food was cold. Employees didn't say a word to me. Pretty rough. They got the order right, so they get 2"	2
7925	"After waiting in the drive-thru 2 minutes after saying good morning, employees decided they felt like taking only cash and serving breakfast items. We're one week away from 2017, invest in a credit card reader."	1
7926	"I did mobile order and waited there for like 20mins and nobody got concerned, ask or called at least to let me know                             hey, we ap"	1
7927	They forgot the Apple juicy from the happy meal but is ok	5
7928	If you forget to put an item in a customers bag and they have to come back to reclaim that missing item it             	2
7929	Too much time waiting for a fast food	1
7930	It                           s crazy how You can 	1
7931	Excellent service from Management and staff .We love having our meals here.    	5
7932	"I dont know if this place is open. Everytime our company wants to make a big order, we call the number on the website and nobody ever answers the phone. They lost our business and respect. A business that does not feel that they need to answer their phones lacks customer service skills. I would not want to be the owner of this particular store, that is if the store is open, like I said, THEY NEVER ANSWER THE PHONE."	1
7933	"Poor service, after waiting for 10 minutes to get my food, I left. No special order, and the people that ordered after me had their food brought to them. I left and went to KFC."	1
7934	Great friendly service. Clean local.	5
7935	Good food nice n hot Francisco very kind friendly excellent services not only from him all employees so cool congratulations McDonald's	5
7936	It's McDonald's.. food was hot.. Is it me or have price's gone up again?	3
7937	Ordered through the mobile app and it didn't go through was told they couldn't receive online orders.  Should have something through the app to let people know if a location can receive mobile orders or not.	1
7938	Stopped by for a hot fudge sundae.  Service was fast and enjoyed my time there. Place was very clean.	4
7939	"My Big Mac still tasted like a Big Mac but unfortunately, the company has shrunk their burgers over the years."	3
7940	This McDonalds smelled like pee	3
7941	The large milkshake i ordered was the size of a medium. If i had known that i never would have ordered it. Disappointed	1
7942	Jasmine the cashier was really nice ... but my order was all wrong and she did fix it ... thanks jasmine...your one of the reason i continue to go thur drive thur restaurant..	5
7943	Order my food and smoothie. Got my food and was told move up and smoothie will be right out 10 mins no smoothie.  Bad service alway around.	1
7944	Ordered through mobile app. Order was wrong. Went in to get it redone. Eggs dried cand overcooked.  Egg mcmuffin old and bread stale. Smh!!!	1
7945	Waited 20 minutes in the line with only three cars and then they messed the order up!	1
7946	"Mane I got lucky today, but my fries were fresh and hot. My quarter pounder was fresh and hot. Bust visit to McDonalds in years."	5
7947	Every time I come here my order is messed up. My food always cold. I order a mcflurry and its more ice cream than the topping. It sucks	1
7948	Best neighborhood  Mc Donald's  to go relax in the morning with a good cup of coffee	5
7949	"This is Ghetto restaurant
they messed up our orders we didn't get reciept with our order never again we ask for our refund they looked at us like we're crazy since they made the mistake not giving us a reciept in drive through I'm call corporate They lost our business never again"	1
7950	Slow ..no good service	1
7951	"Good service, immaculate and the most mouthwatering fish sandwich on a bun that          "	5
7952	Very clean and very organized environment the staff was great	5
7953	"This one in particular changed my order, was to slow and when they give me the order the meat was burned ...."	2
7954	It wasn't too many customers at the restaurant and the French fries were cold	2
7955	Excellent service.	5
7956	The service in the morning is terrible went there twice and I have to wait 12 to 15 minutes cuz there's no one at the front  they're all busy doing                                      . The second day I went there the guy that took my order completely ignore me until he left from his shift  a	2
7957	Friendly staff fresh food	5
7958	Wanted milkshake at 5p.m. it had just needed cleaned would b a half hour usually they clean the machines in the morn. Makes u wonder how long it has been	3
7959	All McDonald's are horrible. Always get bad service and the food is never quite what you expect. The only reason they're in business is because they are on the corner when you need them.	1
7960	"One of the best McDonalds I have been to. Clean, good food and service, self service touch-screen order option, etc. They also bring food to your table."	5
7961	"They are very nice people
Kind and polite.
The coffee is      "	5
7962	They took care of me really well!!had gallbladder removed and they took gd care of my food ..made it to my expectations.well done!!!	5
7963	Worst service ever. I would never recommend no one to go eat there. Not even a exception with management very rude people.	1
7964	"McDonald's? Really? You need a review? If you eat here regularly, I guarantee that your health is not good right now or soon won't be! They don't serve actual food here."	1
7965	Food great but restrooms didn't have toilet paper	3
7966	"Worst McDonald's ever,  rude attendants and apparently ""only cash"" transactions after 12am. Not coming back ever !"	1
7967	"From the owners of 4 Rivers, this chicken centric restaurant is great. Whole day menu but the brunch options are the best."	5
7968	I never like McDonald's  I have eaten  there just never been impressed.	1
7969	"Went through drive thru at 11:30pm June 29 2019 the lady at window was extremely rude with attitude and eating ICECREAM while taking orders in the pay window, rolling her eyes at me"	1
7970	The girl was rude on the drive thru speaker. The food was fine.	4
7971	I have never been treated so poorly in a place of business in my life. Rude and miserable employees to the point where I just walked out. Avoid this place at all cost	1
7972	Ordered A doubble quarter pounder no mud. 3xs came out with mud. How hard is it and they want 15$ hour. I Don't think so.	1
7973	Worst experience the food was given to us wrong they didn't remake it they fixed the one that a couple of people looked at and touched. Then the rest of the food was horrible.	1
7974	Mobile order 20 nuggets got 18. Went inside Manager had no mask but crew did. second batch of nuggets and still not the complete order of nuggets	1
7975	"Food always prepare at the moment, good price for the amount of food, believe me, I'm a big man and food is a lot."	5
7976	Nice to see the kid's playground open again.	5
7977	Really comes down to who's working. You will either be surprised at the efficiency and general helpfulness of the staff or you will leave angry and long after you got there.	3
7978	"Food was Mc Donald's quality.
But the service was horrible.
Took half an hour to get out breakfast and our order was wrong when we got it."	1
7979	Amazing place me and my family loved it!	5
7980	"I have lived by this McDonald's for the past 12 and a half years, I have complained so many times to management and corporate about this location that it makes me sick."	5
7981	"I do not like that MacDonald's, they have very bad service. Instead of 10, they gave me 8 chicken nuggets."	1
7982	Nicely	5
7983	"Typical McDonald's fast food, cheap and satisfying when necessary. Fast prompt service, no real complaints."	4
7984	"Nice employees, however The Dios no wated to substitu a Muffin for a  biscuit. AND my phone Coupon didn't work.."	2
7985	One  because it                           s McDonald                     	1
7986	Awesome service from the minute I came in my order was right on point very happy	5
7987	Friendly staff. Fast service. Food good and hot. Generally clean. Modern. Has kiosks for ordering.	4
7988	Take a long time to be ready the food	1
7989	Horrible they never get the orders correct and half the time the food is cold	1
7990	Mcdonald once again lowering the standard the serveice is as bad as the food	1
7991	Went there and ordered 2ausage Egg McMuffin.  Neither had egg in it.  How is that possible.	1
7992	The service and food is horrible... too long to get my order                	1
7993	P I purchased a two for five fish something was in the fish look like something stringy like plastic I'm not sure what it was I tried to call the restaurant that several times no one never answer and still haven't answered	2
7994	Good food but employees seem bothered to help you service was non existent	3
7995	Customer service was great. The food was hot and good.	5
7996	Clean restaurant and great service. I used the kiosk and my number was called quickly. Thanks!	5
7997	"THE WORST PLACE EVER. EVEN FOR THE WORKING ENVIRONMENT. PEOPLE YELLING AT EACH OTHER,  THE MANAGER THERE. THE FAT WOMEN HAS TO BE THE MOST RUDEST PERSON I'VE EVER MET. AND WHEN I ORDERED MY FOOD THE LADY IN THE KITCHEN WAS NOT WEARING GLOVES. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE.  WHO EVER THE OWNER IS NEEDS TO GET EVERYTHING STRAIGHT THERE BEFORE I CALL IN. HOW PITIFUL! HAPPENED ALMOST A MONTH AGO. I NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. AND I SUGGEST NO ONE ELSE DOES. AND THE LOBBY HAS HAD ROACHES ON THE WALL. I HOPE THEY SEE THIS CAUSE I BC MY SON WENT THERE THE OTHER DAY. BUGS ON HIS TABLE. I WILL BE CALLING A INVEST INVESTIGATION AT THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT."	1
7998	It was cool to have a filet-o-fish and a small fry once in a blue moon lol.. Sorry no pictures LoL	4
7999	3 employees inside but shut down for temporary cleaning until 5 a.m.???? Awesome	1
8000	Great	5
8001	The manager is super rude took my receipt out of my hands with out my consent and yell at us trying to get us out of the line. Very disappointed	1
8002	Excellent Coffee Excellent Food Very good Place VERY good Friend people	4
8003	Don't eat McDonald's	1
8004	My kids loved McDonald's but I want back my steak bagel breakfast that was the best...	5
8005	"Great service and food is always hot when served.  Yes, served.  They bring the food to your table."	5
8006	Food was hot. There was a bunch of kids hanging out there because they new some of the employees there.	4
8007	Ok sometimes....ketchup               	2
8008	Food was way too salty line was way too long service was way too slow	2
8009	No one ask what i needed. people cussing walking around manner just passed me as well with out asking if i needed help	2
8010	You always get more than you pay for...and the flavor is awesome      	5
8011	Super long line inside and in the drive thru and it was only 4	1
8012	I always just get iced coffee so it was quick.	5
8013	"Always mess up my order, just ordered uber eats and they messed it up. Called for the last hour and no answer, never again will order from them."	1
8014	Sucks frappe machine not been working for 2 days atleast have a sign outside so dnt hv to waste time waiting in drive thru..	1
8015	We have the food all wrong. The manager charged for what was missing in the order. Is not the first time. Oh well they need to improve costumer service.	2
8016	The food was hot and the drive thru moved quickly	4
8017	Another McDonald's with the same exact experience long wait cold food	3
8018	"Wish I could give 0 s....slow, poor service and food was cold."	1
8019	Food tasted funny but I had already drove away.	3
8020	"This McDonald's is ok, but back when all the McD was charging $2.50 for a large drink they was only charging a $1 here  "	4
8021	Love the new Quarter Pounder with fresh beef cooked to order! Worth the wait.	4
8022	"Good one but didn't put a souse even tho I asked 3 times, really...."	5
8023	Poor customer service. Very rude young kids.	1
8024	Came with my friends they were all over the place we were mid order and they left us to go talk another worker had to help us and she was not very nice	1
8025	Super friendly service and always giving the extra mile for customers. A++	5
8026	"Love this location because, it was actually fast paced at the drive thru."	5
8027	Very Rude Customer service. Store Manager Name Clark . Does not have any Customer service experience at all. Doesn               	1
8028	weak place  ridiculous attitudes working there. Got order wrong   and the two in front of me.    Mgrs are in wrong position  -  its McDonalds. Enough said.	1
8029	Blah           	1
8030	Terrible customer service and no juice for the kids. If your kids don't drink soda go elsewear!!!	1
8031	"Unprofessional all employees had headphones ,incomplete uniform, no name tags ,too much time waiting just to get an Uber ...."	1
8032	Gross as always only way to get full fast on 3$	1
8033	Fish sandwich had been sitting and was terrible.  Had gone through drive up...and just threw it away.	1
8034	Great breakfast	5
8035	Terrible service cold food unsalted fries the list goes on id suggest you go to whatever other mcdonalds is closest	2
8036	I order a MC Chicken and the prepare everything like it but they put a burger meat instead of the chicken and I have to drive back.	2
8037	Always fresh but not always fast depend who    	5
8038	"Very nice services, good food ..affordable"	4
8039	"Needed food late at night. Felt awful the next day, it's fast food I knew what to expect."	2
8040	bad food bad service but usually fast and lots of them around	2
8041	There's nothing special about McDonald's and most of the people working here act like they'd rather be somewhere else	2
8042	Went through the drive-thru order to fillet a fish and a small fry one fillet of fish was hot the other flat fish was cold french fries are soggy	1
8043	Good food and staff..eat like a 20 year old!	4
8044	It's realy bad when the register personnel cant count change that is done by the computer infront of there face.	2
8045	"Only customer in store bad service ,and they got food wrong"	1
8046	Line was out on the main highway and no room to maneuver once in drive thru	3
8047	"This is one of the best stores in the area, the crew is amaizing, clean, and willing to help"	5
8048	The Big Mac was good may just the way I ordered it and nice and fresh	5
8049	"Order was wrong, third McDonald without ice cream machines           "	2
8050	"The service is horrible
I waited a damn hour just for them to tell me they gave it away then they didn              "	1
8051	Horrible service. New updated look and same terrible employees. Avoid this place.	1
8052	"Newly renovated, clean store with fat service. I loved the automated order touchscreen."	5
8053	Always a joy to eat at this place. Nice ice cream with a twist of M&M's	5
8054	Friendly crew. Clean restaurant. The food was hot and delicious! A++!!	5
8055	"Way too slow in St.Cloud & no ice cream after that wait
Good grief"	1
8056	Food is never fresh when I order?	2
8057	They literally take forever and they only give you one sauce for an order of 10 piece McNuggets	1
8058	Family night Tuesdays	5
8059	"Do not ask. A joke,  both the staff and food. It's sad the quality had fallen so far"	2
8060	"I ordered based on a picture of the sandwich and did not have lettuce, tomatoes etc."	2
8061	One of the nicer McDonald's I have been to even has a digital ordering screen.	5
8062	My go to fast food place. Yummy yum good!	5
8063	"Service was slow, girl on her phone."	2
8064	Messed up our order for the 3rd time.  McDonalds is going down hill	3
8065	The service at this location is always fast and easy. Order is always right.	5
8066	I love this place nice person and costumer service	5
8067	Slow and rude people working at this place	1
8068	The first cheeseburger I ever ate from McDonald's that was horrible	1
8069	Servers were fast and friendly excellent	5
8070	I'll be back for more Sprite..!	5
8071	Very rude employees. Unexpected to be honest.	1
8072	Never get anyone order correct food cold and old	1
8073	"Arrived, was looking at the menu, and the petulant cashier said -Whatever- and walked away...hilarious"	1
8074	OMG they always mess up the drive thru order	1
8075	I realized that i got the wrong sandwiches when I got home...it happened before....customer service needs needs major improvement	2
8076	"Bad service, the manager with red hair i believe she is Hispanic is rude and disrespectful!!"	1
8077	bad service and they were not social and they were chitchatting instead of getting our order	1
8078	I went there at about 8:50 and they were not serving food for some reason at that time.	2
8079	Some days the service is fast and others it takes forever.	4
8080	Cleanliness 1/5. Wait time 1/5. Customer service 3/5.	1
8081	This is a good place. Sometimes a little under staffed though.	4
8082	"Nice restaurant, friendly staff and clean."	5
8083	The crackhead working the drive thru tried to sell me a bag of dope at the window. I wish i was just kidding...	1
8084	Always nice never too busy	4
8085	"Watered down fountain drinks with no fizz, plenty of loiterers hanging around for a long time with just a cup of coffee."	2
8086	Good	5
8087	"Very clean, very modern. Loved the new chicken."	5
8088	It's McDonald's a lot of good food and some letters badd for you	4
8089	Make sure you have the app so you dave money and get free stuff	5
8090	Now I know now I know why I stopped eating there	1
8091	Didn't have a lot to choose from but they were open to serve what they had to ppl in need.	4
8092	Fairly cleaned sun was shining. Beautiful day	5
8093	"They were all over the place, in the middle of the order they switch the worker and all they do is talk to other workers"	1
8094	"Waiting in line , and the manager fixing the register. Bad customer service"	1
8095	Good service. Consistent quality.	5
8096	"I wait for about 25 minutes for 2 chicken nuggets meal,  bad service."	1
8097	"Typical McDonald's
No sauce for the nuggets, though requested.
No ketchup for the fries.

On the up side.... service was friendly and smiling."	3
8098	good quick service when i was there in and out very fast	3
8099	"Fast, clean, polite what else can you ask for"	5
8100	The dining room was clean. The staff was very friendly and prompt.	4
8101	Service was a bit slow but I was there at a late hour.	3
8102	Ice cream stop!! It was great!!	5
8103	"Undercooked, cold in the middle......"	1
8104	"Great job, on menu! Tastes great..."	5
8105	Don't want to make your order FRESH	1
8106	Fast friendly service. Fresh food	5
8107	Quick Service. They take care of you	5
8108	Everything you come to expect from McDonald's	5
8109	"The wait was long however, it was worth the wait."	5
8110	The Managment and employees need to be retrained. This location is a complete joke	1
8111	Not good parking area or access. Very slow service. Very small	2
8112	The worst McDonald's service is slow and they ignore you	1
8113	Fast and fresh food w everythin integ bag	5
8114	Good customer service experience     	5
8115	Very fast service hot food.	4
8116	They messed up my order but they fixed it!	4
8117	Awesome food and great service   	5
8118	Not bad at all nice lady at the window	4
8119	Very clean and service very good and fast ...	4
8120	Very professional nd fresh food	5
8121	They give hot fresh fries all the time	5
8122	Quick service. Good food.	4
8123	"If Asians order coffee, you'll get coffee without a shot."	1
8124	"I'm on a diet, again, but the salad is great!"	5
8125	"Taste so good, but is so bad. Love hate relationship."	5
8126	If there was zero s thry would get it. Awful service!	1
8127	"Forgot my fries, out of one meal. Ouch."	1
8128	"Coffee was hot,panckes were hot and sausage biscuit was hot"	5
8129	New McDonalds everything was fresh I'm Loving It!	5
8130	Extreamly slow took over 30 min to get food	2
8131	You got it love all day breakfast	4
8132	"Great customer service, Clean restaurant"	5
8133	Very good sercice and the employees are the best	5
8134	"Regular Mc. Kind employees, same food you love/hate."	3
8135	"Friendly staff, aweso.e place for the kids to play"	5
8136	Clean establishment. Friendly faces fresh food	5
8137	Sometimes it's good eat at Mc. DONALD'S	3
8138	Very clean playground!  Great for a family outing!	5
8139	Best place in my neighborhood     	5
8140	Employees too loud and some costumers wasn't happy about it.	3
8141	THEEE WORST MCDONALDS EVER	1
8142	Clean and very good staff.	5
8143	Good service. Very clean.	5
8144	$3 a happy meal for now.  Cool.	5
8145	Still love this place!! Customer service Rocks!!	5
8146	Great if you are reward member.	4
8147	Hot meal for an affordable price	5
8148	2 for $3 is s great deal	3
8149	No words. I really like this place.	5
8150	Absolute worst mcdonalds ive been to	1
8151	Bad service. 30 minutes waiting for a coffee.	1
8152	It's always good to have a big mac	5
8153	"The new chicken fingers were
great!"	3
8154	Drive thru takes too long. Always long line.	3
8155	There ice cream macine was obviously broken again	2
8156	McDonald's is McDonald's. Convenient and inexpensive. What else can I say?	4
8157	That one tall young black dude is cool	5
8158	Worst service ever from the store manager wow .	1
8159	"if they were busy, they have no quality"	1
8160	"VERY NICE,GOOD GREAT SERVICE."	5
8161	Prompt drive thru service. No wait!	5
8162	Professional. Nice service.  Reasional prices.	4
8163	"great employees,  good food"	5
8164	It took 18 minutes to get two cheeseburgers and a Coke	2
8165	Convenient ordering especially during this epidemic	5
8166	Some stuff was missing and wasn't cooked right	3
8167	it's MCDonald !	5
8168	Great service and good food	5
8169	Beautiful place and clean.	5
8170	Busy place...good service	5
8171	Big portion of chips nice food	5
8172	Great good friendly service.	5
8173	"Great cashier, lousy service!"	3
8174	Poor drive-through service	1
8175	Customer service is not that good so	2
8176	Fresh food and quick service	5
8177	Love how it has a massive soft play in it	5
8178	Rarely get my orders right!	3
8179	"Reliable, inexpensive, pretty good and a value"	4
8180	Clean place great staff	5
8181	Its a very convenient and very calm and chill place	5
8182	It                 	4
8183	Everything was good!!!!	3
8184	Fast service and nice staff.	4
8185	They didn't have coke.	3
8186	Slow service and Food Not Fresh	2
8187	The best french fries	4
8188	"Fast service, regular mcDonald's food"	5
8189	Always a good value	5
8190	Good customer service and people	5
8191	My kids love to eat at McDonald's	5
8192	Nuggets and fries.... good!	4
8193	Customer service was excellent.	5
8194	Expensive! But great spirits!	5
8195	My sweet tea was sour.	2
8196	Clean restaurant and good food	5
8197	This place has amazing services	5
8198	Unbelievable...9 minutes for a tiny cheeseburger	1
8199	Newly renovated with up to date technology	5
8200	I always a Macdonald's fanatic!	5
8201	Slow and bad service	1
8202	Best thing in USA	5
8203	Very good service and food	5
8204	the front counter the really Bad they treat people bad	1
8205	How does a McDonalds run out of Coke!? Come on!	3
8206	Love their caramel frappe	5
8207	Great place to eat	4
8208	Never get orders right	3
8209	Drove thru wrong item given	2
8210	Wish it had Halal food too	4
8211	One of my favorite places	4
8212	Ice cream machine was broken	4
8213	Not great food	2
8214	This food will kill you	2
8215	Clean and fast service.	5
8216	Great and hot food.	5
8217	Good food fast service	3
8218	Usual fare available. Fries rule.	3
8219	Good place and is 24 hours.	4
8220	Clean and fast service!!	5
8221	The McMuffin were pretty.	4
8222	The princess was treated like a queen	4
8223	Great service!	5
8224	Love McDonald's	5
8225	Fresh and clean	5
8226	"Takes forever, always people in line"	4
8227	Depends on the crew that is working the shift	3
8228	Clean friendly and fast	5
8229	I'll Try.... [Gasping] It is Okay!	3
8230	Always a kids favorite place	5
8231	As usual....poor service	1
8232	I mean it's McDonald's what can you expect	1
8233	Great service and staff	5
8234	Lady was really rude from comtcer	1
8235	Good for quick Bite	3
8236	Made it right this time    	5
8237	Can't go wrong with mcdonlads	5
8238	Very fast and polite.	5
8239	Enjoy  good  things	5
8240	Over priced and old food	3
8241	Fast foog	2
8242	Customer service was horrible	1
8243	Great service with a smile	5
8244	Very good	5
8245	"VERY,VERY NICE EMPLOYEES !"	5
8246	The restaurant was very clean	4
8247	New quarter pounder is the bomb!	5
8248	Fast and courteous service	4
8249	Fast great service	5
8250	I love it so much	5
8251	Good food as always	5
8252	4 on the Healthy items   	4
8253	Always quick service	4
8254	Not as good as it used to be for sure	2
8255	The worst service ever.	1
8256	        	3
8257	The worst service!	1
8258	Excellencent food and service	5
8259	Good food...fresh	5
8260	Nasty just get Wendys	1
8261	Worst Customer Services	1
8262	Yummy	5
8263	Food was not fresh	3
8264	Prices are higher than most.	3
8265	Good	3
8266	Just ok.	3
8267	Good app	4
8268	So so burrito hard tortilla	3
8269	Poor customer service	1
8270	Don't recommend this place	1
8271	The burgers were cold	1
8272	Love the App Deals	5
8273	I like this place and food.	4
8274	Very good	5
8275	Got breadfas all day	5
8276	Good food	5
8277	Noce and quick	5
8278	William likes the playhouse.	5
8279	Good food	5
8280	My sons favorite.	5
8281	Always good	5
8282	It's Mickey D's lol	5
8283	They were racists.	1
8284	One more mackye	3
8285	The food is amazing	5
8286	Worse service ever !!!	1
8287	I was good food	5
8288	The biscuit was very bad	1
8289	Restrooms could be better	4
8290	Great play ground	5
8291	Very friendly staff	5
8292	Very poor service	3
8293	Poor Quality food	1
8294	Good food	5
8295	Cold food	1
8296	Good coffee	5
8297	It's McDonald's...	4
8298	Good service	5
8299	Bad service!!!!!!! Rude workers!!!!	1
8300	Dollar menu awsome	5
8301	Nice staff	5
8302	Nice place to be with friends	4
8303	It's fast food	4
8304	Nice!	4
8305	Service was great	3
8306	It is fast and tasty	3
8307	Great food	5
8308	too greasy and cold	2
8309	fun once and while	4
8310	Excellent staff.	5
8311	Not real food	1
8312	Awesome.	5
8313	Good.	5
8314	No phone service	4
8315	I love it	5
8316	It was ok place	3
8317	Perfect and clean	5
8318	Slow service	1
8319	Very good.	5
8320	Go-to for iced coffee!	5
8321	Was fast today.	4
8322	Slow serves	3
8323	Loveable	5
8324	I love the saled	5
8325	It was good	4
8326	Great fries.	5
8327	the service was slow	1
8328	Usually great	4
8329	Great food	5
8330	Fast service!	5
8331	I'm lovin it	5
8332	Great meals	5
8333	Excellent prices	5
8334	Love it	5
8335	Amazing service	5
8336	Horrible Service	1
8337	Love it	5
8338	Ok	4
8339	"Bad,bad serves."	1
8340	So so	4
8341	Love it	5
8342	Fast service    	5
8343	Yet another one.	3
8344	Cheap bugers	2
8345	Great service	4
8346	Service with a smile.	3
8347	Bad service	1
8348	Bad service	1
8349	Good service	5
8350	Good service	5
8351	Clean and fast	5
8352	Slow service	1
8353	Ok	5
8354	Excellent attention....	5
8355	Excellent attention	5
8356	Dislike	1
8357	Not what I expected.	3
8358	McDonalds	1
8359	Ok	3
8360	Convenient location!	5
8361	Good	4
8362	Nice associates	4
8363	Ok	3
8364	Good	4
8365	Great attitude	5
8366	Hot and fresh	5
8367	Fast	5
8368	Long lines.	4
8369	Friendly staff	4
8370	Fast	4
8371	Is excelent	5
8372	really good	4
8373	Good	5
8374	Excellent	5
8375	Good	5
8376	Nice	4
8377	Good	4
8378	Cool	5
8379	Trash	1
8380	Very clean	5
8381	Love this place	5
8382	Like all McDonald's	4
8383	Good	5
8384	Ok	3
8385	Good	4
8386	Best	5
8387	Nice	5
8388	Good	5
8389	Good	5
8390	Correct	4
8391	Super fast!!!!	5
8392	Good	4
8393	Fast service	5
8394	Fast	5
8395	Horrible	1
8396	I love it !	5
8397	Bad	3
8398	Another McDonald's	3
8399	Go	4
8400	Okay service	3
8401	Friendly employees	4
8402	Love McDonald's	5
8403	I love that	5
8404	Show	5
8405	Economic	5
8406	Kids	3
8407	Wow	5
8408	Okay	2
8409	Fat	1
8410	Your in and out	5
8411	Yummy fries	5
8412	Careless employees	3
8413	Friendly	3
8414	Friendly people!!	5
8415	"It's a mcdonalds,"	3
8416	Cold Food.     	1
8417	McDonald's as usual	5
8418	It's McDonald's.	3
8419	Thrash           	1
8420	McDonald's!	5
8421	"Everyone should take a customer service course. Not even a good morning or a smile. If you arrived badly, then you come out worse. Lol. They also don't ask about the rewards you have to tell them one."	3
8422	"The atmosphere in general is good. They should improve the issue of bathrooms, very dirty."	3
8423	"I went on Saturday to eat and I was fascinated because all the food was hot, plus the service and the speed left me speechless."	5
8424	Fast and accurate service	5
8425	"The worst Mac Donald I have ever visited in my life the treatment of the staff towards the customers is totally despicable, you practically have to get the words out of it why they look at you and talk to you with contempt the food took 34 minutes exactly when the food finally arrived it was completely cold they didn't give me glasses they didn't put napkins they didn't put sauce. Not to mention the workers inside yelling at each other. A. I almost forgot, a client returned some hamburgers because it was not as he had ordered them, they opened them, they took out the vegetables and returned it to him, that is not allowed."	1
8426	Excellent place to spend Laayoune vacations	5
8427	I only took one glass and it was very thick. They should make them softer when drinking it.	4
8428	"The attention is not the best. I understand it's work under Strees, but if The Crew Leader teaches the public how to drive, they'll make a good team. This happens in most of this food chain."	1
8429	"The attention was not good. Neither the cashier nor the one who gave me the happy meal were kind, I asked to change the toy because my son already had it and he responded in a bad way that there was no more."	2
8430	"If you want to have an unpleasant time, go to the drive of this mcDonald's, they are all wrong from the first to the last and could it be that now the mcflury is just ice cream with a cookie sprinkle on top?"	1
8431	"It is the ideal place to get out of the rush for a moment, to enter and eat any of its products that are good; both in its food and good and fast in the attention."	5
8432	"God these McDonald's people don't want to work I've gone several times at 2 in the morning and they always tell me it's the breakfast menu, and when I check on Uber the menu is the regular menu, it's just that they don't t want to make my food, and there are several times that they have done it to me really that horrible.

I do not recommend this place at all, rather they should close it, I have gone several times at 2am to place my orders and they simply say that the menu they have is for breakfast and they never want to take out my order when I go at that time, and likewise with Uber eats orders. This place is really not worth it, very disappointed in the services of all the McDonald's staff who work there, they shouldn't have people like that..."	1
8433	"I had an excellent experience in this place, the girl who served us at night through the drive thru was super friendly and cordial, she gave us information about what we asked her and she explained everything with pleasure.

highly recommended"	5
8434	I liked this McDonald's because it has a park for the children. Little McDonald's have that	5
8435	"I really like their nuggets and the spicy mud sauce that you can only find there, their fries are one of the best in terms of fast food, their tasty hamburgers, this chain always tries to innovate and renew the image of its establishments. some have modern tables and chairs, children have a park area where they can play, and they have a children's menu. The staff is friendly, and you can order from the car to go or also order through uber eat to have your food delivered to your home."	3
8436	The milk shake is very rich. But a lot of sugar.	5
8437	All good excellent   	5
8438	"I ordered a cold brew frappe and they gave me a frozen Coke, I asked for long fries and they gave me half, all in Uber eat, lousy McDonald's and bad employers"	1
8439	I love	5
8440	Great attention   	5
8441	"I have gone several times ""because it is the one that is closest to me"" and the truth is that they always give me the wrong order.   "	2
8442	Employee with bad attitude too long to wait to order	1
8443	"I didn't like the service.
I did not like the service."	2
8444	"Excellent children's food, nuggets and freshly prepared potatoes, the milk was cold and the attention was very good"	5
8445	"The food is good, but the portions are very small for the price. The attention is good, the place clean and organized, the bathroom clean and modern. I love McDonald's!"	4
8446	Bad service. They didn't even put me sauce and they delivered burnt cinnamon rolls.	1
8447	"On several occasions I have gone, I bought and then I did not get what I asked for or requested and I have to exchange it for something else. They should be more aware of their inventory"	4
8448	"Well, the truth is that it has lost its quality and attention, very few employees do not recommend it"	2
8449	"The food was ready very quickly, the place was super neat! The quality of the food especially the fries is excellent!"	5
8450	It is a place to take the children to have them play. They often get the orders wrong. But overall it's not that bad	4
8451	Poor service on takeout orders and the toilets were not that clean	3
8452	"Beautiful and newly remodeled, really nice and the service at half speed for Covid reasons.
Recommended...       "	5
8453	Very tasty everything as always	5
8454	"Very bad service, I asked someone if they speak Spanish, they said no and then I speak Spanish, I won't go back there, what a disappointment in the service   "	1
8455	The mask against the virus did not let me speak English well with the girl from the driver though up	4
8456	I love the good attitude of the employees	5
8457	"I ordered a big mac and it was spectacular as always, the chips were too good"	5
8458	a standard Mcdonald store... but they quickly noticed the error in the totem... there is a children's play area...	5
8459	"Very good as always. Oh, and in the one you visit you can eat inside the premises."	5
8460	fast here	5
8461	"This was a quick stop for a bite to tide us over with my a couple of the kids with us. We went thru the drive thru and even though it was slow business, we were put off to wait a couple of minutes and the assistant that took the order was very crisp and short in his interaction.He stated the price and told us to pay at the window where we were completely ignored for another several minutes while he (I'm assuming) took the order for the people behind us. When he finally took our payment and we moved forward to the window to receive our order, only half of the order was correct, and none of the condiments we requested were included. That kept us trying to get it sorted.
As a supervisor and a manager, I would hope review for management as well as employees could be considered in improving the atmosphere. It will be a place I will think twice before visiting again.
If you plan on stopping in, be prepared to take your time to make sure things are correct before leaving. Be accountable for your time if you want your order correct."	2
8462	The lobby was absolutely disgusting. Trash and food all over the floor. Staff didn't even come to the front to take orders they just expect you to use the kiosk. The kiosk numbers were covered in sticky stuff. We asked a staff member a question and they flat out ignored us and walked away. I don't recommend this location.	1
8463	The store was filthy. Employees were using profanities in the back where customers upfront could hear. Two female employees were playing on there phone. What a horrible experience.	1
8464	"I was doordashing at the time, I would never eat at McDonald's because I'm Vegan. Just want to make that clear.
This experience was not the best demonstration of a streamlined or very efficient process in expediting fast food.

The order I was waiting on took a whooping 15 minutes and was given to someone else without an apology. That being said, I would have rated them with 1  but I decided to walk in and watch the process.
The customer service was what I would expect given the employees having to deal with the distractions from the crowd of people inquiring about their order.

* Customers can look up at the monitors above the counter to see the process of their order.

The average gluttonous ""ving"" American that eats at McDonald's behaves as though their needs are of paramount importance. It's one of the best examples you can witness of bloated self-entitlement.
McDonald's employees, you are doing a good job and on behalf of the Jerry Springer audience members that eat at your restaurant. Please forgive them."	5
8465	"Went to pick up a mobile order at 3:45AM. Only option was to go through drive thru. I arrived and the drive through staff said they were closed despite the app and website saying they are a 24/7 location.

I paid in full through the app, and they said I wouldn                           t receive a refund for an hour. I asked for the refund immediately and the clerk ignored me. Upset that they"	1
8466	"Lobby Hours 8 am- whenever they feel like locking the doors. I showed up at 7:10 pm FIFTY MINUTES BEFORE SCHEDULED CLOSING, TO ALL THE DOORS LOCKED. I am on foot because I'm staying at a nearby hotel. WALKED THROUGH FREEZING RAIN. In hopes of just getting something quick and going back to my hotel. THANKS FOR WASTING MY TIME!"	1
8467	"I was at this location on 2/5/23. Went through the drive-thru and the lady taking order was a little rude.  I drove off and went inside. Omg, the expo person was standing there drinking a soda as she's bagging  food. One of the cooks had so much hair, even  though  he had on a hat he needed a hair net as well. Went to get my drink, and I quickly changed my mind to a bottle of water. The drink station sickened me, I dared not get ice or a drink from there. Won't  be back, I'm sure you don't care. Most disgusting!!!!"	1
8468	"It's okay, being in downtown slc homeless-ness is a problem and being approached by homeless people and angry drivers is not uncommon! The wait was long almost 15 minutes for 2 drinks, I understand it can be hard with big crowds on employees!

5/10 It's a McDonald's so hit it up if your looking for food in the area fast food doesn't get much better than this in slc!"	3
8469	I came right at closing time and the manager took my order then when I got to the first window I was told sorry we are closed. I told him someone repeated my order and went to ask at the same time the manager came to the first window after telling his coworker the situation the manager hurry and got payment then hurried back to round up my order while everyone else was getting ready to leave he then got my order to me fast and fresh I couldn't have been more pleased with the service and the good attitude. If the workforce had more employees like this  manager the world would be a lot better place to work in	5
8470	"Food is always good but they're very rude when speaking on the phone. I called to see when the dining area was open and the lady just gave me a very blunt, rude response. I said thank you and have a good day but she just hung up."	3
8471	"This McDondald                           s has the worst customer service. The workers at the drive through are just very rude. I get you work with a lot of different people each day but if you can                           t be kind, or you ha"	1
8472	This McDonald                           s trash especially at night. Ice cream machine never works so thankfully I got some at home. Honestly wo	1
8473	"The prices are better in Utah than Idaho or Minnesota. Also, the McDonald's app has great deals. If you do the survey on the recite than you get a buy one get one free discount.
Since I have frequented McDonald's for a long time, I must admit that I have mixed sentiments regarding the eatery. On the one side, the meal is typically pretty decent, and I like the quick and convenient service. However, there are some problems that I've come to realize over time that make me feel like the experience isn't as positive as it once was.

The rising costs of the products on the menu are one of my main worries. Every time I visit McDonald's, it seems like the costs have increased once again. This makes it challenging to continue frequenting them as much as I once did, especially with the availability of more economical fast food alternatives.

Another problem is that McDonald's used to give frequent and significant discounts and promotions, but lately they seem to be less frequent and generous. This is disappointing because I've always valued the ability to occasionally save a few dollars on my lunch.

Having said that, there are still a few aspects of McDonald's that I genuinely value. The majority of the cuisine is delicious and good, and the quickness of service is still unmatched. The restaurant is always spotless and well-kept, making it a perfect choice if you need a fast dinner on the run. Overall, I would say that McDonald's is still a good option for fast food, but because of the rising costs and less promotions, it has lost its place as my top pick. However, a typical McDonald's burger and fries are a great choice if you're searching for a quick and delectable dinner."	4
8474	"literally didn                           t give me my order, then made me wait over 40 minutes to                            fix it            "	1
8475	This is the worst McDonald                           s I                           ve ever experienced. Your late night manager literally slammed the door in my face and locked 	1
8476	"Waited 40 minutes in the drive-through line, only to have my fries be so over cooked that they were in-edible. 0 out of 5"	1
8477	"Expect to wait 15-20 min for drive thru. Recieved our sweet teas at the window, and it had a bit of coffee taste. The person at the window sampled the tea and said it tastes like tea. NOT to us. Seemed very frustrated. She asked us what we would like. I told her Dr pepper, and before I could tell her the rest of the drink order, she rushes off and gets us 3 dr peppers. Then when we corrected her, she said we asjed for 3 dr peppers. This is my burger without onions and pickles. What you see on my fingers is grease from the burger. Good luck getting your food here."	1
8478	"The truth is that I feel offended by the Mananger, he yelled at me as if I were his employee!  I really don't understand, I just asked him a question about an order that is already prepared and ready!  and he doesn't deliver it to me because he doesn't feel like it. I work as a delivery person for DoorDash. It's ridiculous to have to stand in line at the drive thru to get something that's already done, really, 0 !  I work every night at that site and I have never had a problem with any of the cographers everyone is friendly and professional"	1
8479	"Ordered a few McDoubles and a 6 pc nugget kids meal. Asked for extra fries for the kids meal but was denied the request. Beef Patties were old on the McDoubles, nuggets were old and cold but there were plenty of customers so I don            "	1
8480	What is a good stop at McDonald                           s. I don                           t go often but when I do usually grabbing a 2C combo. Reminds me the old Californi	5
8481	"This McDonald's is ok when service is concerned. They also have automated services where you can place your orders, and the food comes out really fast.. but the place was a bit dirty, especially the restrooms."	3
8482	"Excellent customer service. The gentleman at the drive thru was friendly, helpful, and courteous."	5
8483	"Service was slow. 3 cars went in the other lane before someone helped me in the drive-through.  My mocha tasted more like plain coffee, it had almost no flavor."	2
8484	"It was bad enough when the dining room soda machine converted to the one nozzle machine, but they also did it to the drive thru. So now all their soda tastes nasty. I thought McDonald's was supposed to have great tasting sodas, not sodas that taste like suicides. Not to mention their staff can't figure out basic orders and there's a 90% chance your order is going to be wrong in some way. Added with the homless going up to every person, this spot used to be okay and nows it's more like the last resort."	2
8485	"Worst McDonald                           s experience to date.  Attempted to use drive-thru code at time of order, and was refused. Placed our order that would include the discount when code was applied. Pulled up to the window to a frumpy red-headed clown of an employee that promptly slammed the card reader through my window with nigh a word. I asked to have our discount code applied, and he begrudgingly got his scanner out to read the QR code, but he had wrung the order up incorrectly, so the discount was not applying. He requested assistance from his manager, and their solution was to add a second premium drink to the order at an up charge. All staff came across dower and melancholy. Even when I commented that I was concerned about the accuracy, and that this had been a terrible experience, I was ignored. I don                           t know if they beat their employees on a regular basis to keep s   ll ever go back to this location again."	1
8486	Bathrooms were absolutely disgusting tampons on the ground before you walk into the building just really dirty	1
8487	"Food was good, however I ordered cheese on a hot n spicy Mc chicken. They charged me for the cheese but didn't put it on my sandwich.  Other than that all was good."	3
8488	"It was very cheap compared to what I'm used to in California. $20 can easily buy two full combo meals, likely even more.

Food is decent as expected."	4
8489	Can not even order food they were not even incompetent enough to make an order.	1
8490	"I don                           t know if they all hate their job but this was probably THE worst location I                           ve been to. One, they didn                           t have my order correctly after telling them we were missing items they looked at me as if I was stupid. Second, their frie"	1
8491	There were 4 cars that were able to order at the drive thru and pull forward before the lady in my drive thru even got to me.	1
8492	"DO NOT GO TO THIS MCDONALD'S UNLESS YOU SPEAK SPANISH!!!!  Every Sunday I go get breakfast for my brother.
Every time I order the same thing 2 burritos SMALL COFFEE WITH 4UGARS. They have not got the order right YET! Why cause everyone that works there is a Mexican that can't speak or read English.
I took back the coffee again cause the sticker & receipt 4ugar. I got coffee with 4 Creamer BECAUSE THEY CAN'T READ ENGLISH."	1
8493	"Tonight 02/17/23 I was in this McDonald's, things were calm and fine. Then all of the sudden, some guy ted yelling at the staff about customer service. Demanding customer service number to complain. Fine, that's his right. But as the lady at the register tried to help him, he kept yelling at her. They said that he was an officer in the Army. To me, that is disgraceful and highly insulting that anyone would use rank and the military to treat people like that. I don't believe he is any sort of military let alone an officer.  And I did tell him that ""if he is a retired military officer, he is a disgrace of a former officer."" To which he wanted to go out and fight me. Furthering my belief he is no officer. I was an E-4pecialist and know that he or any other member of any military force is trained to use rank or status as an excuse to belittle anyone. And if you do you disgrace the uniform the military and your country by treating anyone with disrespect.  I'll stand up to anyone who tries's that type of behavior.  The staff at McDonald's was doing a fantastic job, my food is delicious.  Thank you!"	5
8494	"Lobby ordering is only open M-F 11am-2pm. Without a car for drive up window or App, you are out of luck. I            "	1
8495	Usually busy but they get you through there pretty fast. Watch out for the homeless people this McDonald            	2
8496	"I didn't get a chance to try it. Went to pick up some McDonald's from this 24-hour location at 3:00 a.m. but no one would respond at the drive-thru speaker. When I drove up to the window the two gentlemen inside acted like they couldn't see me. I honked and waved my arms and it was clear that they could see me but they would not acknowledge my presence. Totally unacceptable and unprofessional. If you're under staffed or closed, put a sign on the door or at the drive-thru..."	1
8497	The only good thing about the location is it's cleanliness. I ordered at the kiosk and took a table number for dine in. They didnt being me my food. I had to grab in from the counter. Defeats the purpose of using table numbers. Then the employee tried to hold my drink from me. Had to tell him I had in fact ordered the drink he took away. When I unwrapped the burger it was slanted a good 60                  . How hard is it to stack a sandwich? Staff don't 	2
8498	If you order at the desk you feel like they're bothered. They don't display any type of customer service at all. When I get a mcflurry they don't mix it or even fill it anywhere near the top. Steer clear.	1
8499	They didn't skimp on the sauce on my spicy Mchickens	5
8500	"This McDonald's location struggles to pur out decent food reliability.. or quickly. The line is generally long and slow, food comes out cold,"	3
8501	This has to be the worst McDonalds! The food is never hot and never fresh.  I went there again tonight since it's the only place open.   The fries were warm and tasted like they had been cooked in an air frier and the burger was cold and tasted like it had been sitting for hours.   This places stays pretty busy so there is no excuse for poor quality of food imo.   Avoid unless it's your only option.	1
8502	"Next time I'll just tell them to suprises me, they never get my order right anyway   "	1
8503	"The tomato on the hamburger tasted FUNKY tonight, really gross. And chicken nuggets were stale and cold."	2
8504	Says it's 24 hours and was turned away at about 3 am. Don't say you are 24 hours if you are not a 24 hour location. What do you not understand about being a 24/7 location???	1
8505	Horrible. Spent 30 minutes in the breakfast drive thru. Don     	1
8506	Waited in line 20+ minutes only to get someone else's order and no way to get our correct order because they don't answer the phone and they're too busy. Super irritating.	1
8507	"They have the worse customer service, and there food is never fresh. Even if you ask for fresh food they still give you non fresh food, and they have the ugliest attitude"	1
8508	If you going to close the lobby despite being listed as open 24 hours at least don't ignore people walking up to order at the drive thru on foot!	1
8509	Google says they are open 24 hours. They guy in the drive through turned us away at 3:30 am and told us they close at 2:00	1
8510	McDonald's will always have the best fries.	5
8511	"The tables are all filthy, the service sucks. They messed up our order twice and acted put out when asked to fix it. Never again!"	1
8512	"I show up at 10/23/2022 at 5:50 am.   The door was closed, only the drive through was open.  I was staying at a hotel and didn't have a lot of options for breakfast and didn't have a car.  The guy working their was super nice, took my order at the drive through even though I was on foot.  He was doing everything , taking orders, making the food..  McDonalds, give that guy a raise!  Thanks."	5
8513	Everytime I go here they get something wrong   	1
8514	Was just told they were closed at 3:30 am. Restaurant says it        	1
8515	"Cleanliness is taken full care of here, the thoughts of the working staff are very good."	5
8516	Went this morning and my hashbrown wasn                           t cooked all the way. My sodas was wro	1
8517	Went through the drive through late at night but they were super nice even though they were super busy	5
8518	Cold food usually and missing orders constantly. Any other McDonald                  	1
8519	The people that work there they aren't friendly they ignore the customers	3
8520	"Busy place, not too ghetto. But the McRib is not that good, and they gave me a medium fries that is smaller than a small fries"	3
8521	"Wow! For ters, the place was trashed. Litteraly every single table was dirty, and the floor need to be swept badly. Had to go up and ask for lids because they had not stocked anything in the lobby. I willing to give places like this a second chance if I see effert... But I saw none from the staff. It was not remotely busy and staff still did virtually nothing to improve the cleanliness of the lobby. Needless to say I will not be returning."	1
8522	"Not open for pedestrians until 11am. I had to queue up with my legs, as if I were a car. When I got to the screen, noone answered me - guess it only responds to humans in cars. Helpful staff inside directed me to order this way, but it didn't work. If you don't have a car, don't bother!
Still reeling from the embarrassment   "	2
8523	"I don't know that happened to this business. Service and food has fallen through the floor. Prices are climbing, so we got that going for us   "	3
8524	The absolute worst location. The people are rude and order has been wrong the last 4x I    	1
8525	This location was surprisingly clean. Our order was made quickly and everything was fresh. It was a good stop for a quick bite.	5
8526	"Worst experience ever!! First the cashier gave me attitude about using the app for the $1 large fries, he sighed when I showed it to him. Then said in a rude tone that I need to show him the bar code (in the past I just show them the number and they type it in) Then literally rolled his eyes when I told him it was Apple Pay and said                            whatever                            Then ed at me after taking the Apple Pay, so I figured I would get the receipt at the next window. I pulled up to the next window and they told me the other guy has thrown the receipt away. Got home, looked to see how much I was charged and he did not apply the app discount to the fries.  My fries that I had ordered well done,  both large and medium were cold and soft (I live a block away) the nuggets were old and the cheeseburger bun was not soft. I was there today, a Sunday at 6 pm ( dinner time, things shor charged for cold, not fresh food"	1
8527	"A lot of stores are Really slow with their service. What bothers me more, is that no 2 McDonald                           s has the same rules. Is the lobby open today? Or at this hour? At this store? Plus not all have a pickup. Especially no pickup for Door Dash. They make us go inside  "	2
8528	Nobody spoke English well enough to get my order correct. The food sucked as did the employees who were dirty and unkempt almost as bad as the restaurant was. NEVER AGAIN!	4
8529	"The drive thru can get backed up, but it                           s a busy place. The parking is very strict so be careful if you                           re trying to"	4
8530	"It's McDonald's, you know the food and taste there, it never changes"	4
8531	If you want service apparently you HAVE to go through drive through.	5
8532	"Well earlier today. I placed 2eparate orders, but when I arrived there doors were locked, there was no letter or any sort of notice explaining why, but what confuses me more is they had people inside ordering and sitting down inside not happy with that location!!"	1
8533	"OK, I guess I need to stop going to ANY Mcdonalds.  Was in a hurry and ordered a double cheese and a small order of fries.  They have two pickup windows and I watched both windows handing out food.  So when the line moved up I drove to the furthest window.  and sat, and sat and watched 4 other cars pick up their food at the window behind me.   a good 5 minutes passed and I backed up to the window where the food was being handed out and the person, basically, THREW the food at me without a word.  10 steps... 10 steps to bring me my food or something... but nothing.  And then  the fries were cold and the bun on the burger was stale.   You get what you pay for and you get what you deserve if you go to a Salt Lake McDonalds."	1
8534	Fast service and the staff always have a friendly attitude.	4
8535	I ordered on mobile. Came to the McDonalds to pick up                            50 minutes in the drive through. By the time I got my food it was all cold. Wasted my money. They told me the wait was so l	1
8536	Slow and I am no longer in the area a little after then I will be home all day but it is an apartment and if something does need to be signed for the front desk can do that any day M-S or any of the information included. I am not going on the website to be sure to send it out of state or state to send me the link and I'll get you a copy and I'll get you the money to you by tomorrow afternoon and I'll get you sick and I will.	4
8537	"Okay I know it is McDonald's but it is a very good fast food store.  For the price, the quality is good. I also like their app."	5
8538	It's great close to work quick and always fresh	5
8539	"This McDonalds comes with a free homeless show when utilizing the dine in option. No purchase necessary, subject to talent intoxication levels, results may very."	4
8540	"5 for consistency.  If you like McDonald's you'll like this location.  If you're not a fan, this location wont win you over, it's McDonald's."	5
8541	Food was okay wasn                          	2
8542	Food was cold nuggets not crispy or fully cooked so disappointed in the fry's let down    	2
8543	"This restaurant is advertised as 24 hours. I waited over 10 minutes in the drive through, with at least 5 other cars, only to have no response from the speaker. Then, they shut the lights off, and still no communication. Staff was seen inside working, but no attempt was made to tell waiting customers that they were refusing to serve them."	1
8544	Only the drive through is open 24 hrs. Walk in only open until 8 pm	1
8545	Was missing the hash browns from my meals which made my 12 hr drive back to Canada v v sad    	1
8546	Employees were slovenly. One employee had her boyfriend behind the counter whispering in her ear instead of taking our order. Took 10 minutes to get a diet coke	1
8547	Drive through only. Lines run fast. Food is fresh and Hot. Love the celebrity meals.	5
8548	"Lobby was closed with no sign or reason why, no curbside spots and super long drive thru wait. Attempts to call to see why lobby was closed but no one would answer the phone."	2
8549	Everything was OK except all the food was placed in one bag over the top. I asked for several bags and the problem was fixed.	4
8550	Food was good and came quickly.  Staff friendly.	5
8551	"Had a company party here and they were very friendly about accommodating 30 of us. TBH, none of us were expecting much from the food and we were all quite surprised at how good it was. Well do this place again and also add it to our lunch rotation."	5
8552	This is THE absolute slowest McD's in Salt lake City hands down!! If it wasn't such a long wait!! Damn near almost ran out of gas waiting for my 1 hot n spicy sandwich with a medium fry!! No Joke!! This would probably be a pretty good McDonald's if they'd learn to put some more pep in their step!!	3
8553	"Went to this location and went through and the first thing that happened is someone ted moaning in the mic. Then we ordered 2 large fries and 1mall fry, and they tried to say we ordered 2 large drinks and a small fry it was ridiculous. They were to busy making inappropriate sounds instead of doing their job. If I could give less then one  I would. Will NOT ever come here again."	1
8554	"While I'm there lots of wrong orders thought they won't mistake mine
Didn't find put except after I left"	4
8555	"I wanted these guys to be better than the other locations nearby, but they are all the same. Open your lobby. It                           s 8 pm. 25 car lines waiting for AT LEAST 20 minutes is horrible. All McDonal"	1
8556	Do not order from here there was a hair in my soda!	1
8557	"Does not attend to the needs of a driver delivering food as they make you wait through the drivethru when the order is ready sitting on the counter while you're 10 Cars back. Food is getting cold and they expect you to wait and then deliver this cold food to the customer when you finally get it? What a lousy way of attending drivers, new employees or new management is much needed for this joke of a restaurant."	1
8558	This place sucks they worrie about drive through and leave the lobby wit people wait for their food for more then 30 mins my kids were hungry gave us the wrong happy 3 times I will never go back to this one. I am givin it 5 jus so people will be able to see the review	5
8559	This location is a joke. There                           s a whole line all The way out in the street and we have all b	1
8560	Loved everything from the service to the food. Between the promotions and coupons I save money. The loyalty points build up then I can get a free item. Today O had a large mocha frappe. Yum	5
8561	So there is no way to get food from this McDonald                           s unless you are driving in a vehicle                            You have an entire lobby that could be fulfilling the orders of patrons without vehicles or staying in your nearby hotels	1
8562	I went to walk in the lobby and the doors were locked 20 minutes before closing time. Horrible customer service!	1
8563	"The only thing I gets from this place is iced vanilla coffee, however, sad to say, I always have to go back just to let them know that they need to put some more flavor in their iced coffees cuz they are completely ""BLAND"". Other than that, food is always served hot & fresh except we're ALWAYS cheated out on our French fries. We order large but they give us huge cartons half filled."	3
8564	"This restaurant has to learn how to treat delivery driver professionally and properly. I went picking up an order and wait in the drive through for 35 minutes, and it ended with them telling me they couldn                           t make the order because they turned off the screen! The only reason they couldn                           t fulfill the order is because of their laziness because I have seen other McDona"	1
8565	"Working a graveyard shift in the area, I thought of grabbing a quick bite while on a quick break. Pulling into the drive-thru, after vehicles in front have ordered, female worker mumbled something about their system                            updating                            and asked to wait. As I waited for a few moments, she then rudely told me that it was still updating and couldn                           t take my order, even though she took an order ahead of me. I asked how long it would take, but no answer was given. I asked again, she continued to say it was updating and that she couldn                           t take my order. I finally ted putting in a mobile order to make it easier on their end, but she got back on again and rudely said              ho while their system updated. So I decided to leave to find another place to grab a quick bite, only to hear her say that she did mention they were closed if I were listening to her.

Another driver in the other stall was having the same issue with another male employee, but was actually nice enough to let them know they were temporarily closed until further notice.

Clear unprofessional attitude from this female employee. Definitely needs to be taught better in respect and in having better customer service skills. Guess when you get paid minimum wage, I                           d be miserable too. Bu"	1
8566	Don                          	1
8567	The dining room is neglected every morning at this location. So much so that the workers refuse to take orders at the register. You have to use the keosks and if you want a sausage biscuit in a meal there is no way to order it with cheese in a meal.  Half the time the soda says it's out of stock unless you order a meal. Floor is filthy in front of the soda machines. Lids not stocked. Garbages in dining room full to overflowing. Kid came out and cleaned ALL the tables with the same cloth and no cleaning spray whatsoever.	2
8568	They are good at making McDonald's food	4
8569	"Salt Lake City fast becoming a toilet.
Elect leftist officials who live insulated from the population, this 'Pelosi-ing is a blight.
What a mess."	1
8570	Wish I could give them no s cause this Mcdonald sucks everytime we go there they forget something in our order I will not be going back to this store plus the employees and mangers are very rude. DONT GO THERE THEY WILL ONLY RIP YOU OFF!!!!	1
8571	The food was good the price was reasonable and the people at the drive-thru were very kind. We got through in a reasonable amount of time. We did not use their playground this time but from past experience I can say that my little one really does like it quite a bit. To the point I can barely get him away.	5
8572	Don                           t	1
8573	"This location took really long to process orders and get their line moving. I even had a mobile order, and at about 10:15pm I had to take the drive through. Took 20 minutes. They kept putting the wrong order on the screen at the ordering area. Guy who talked to me was pretty rude when I tried to let him know what was going on. Pretty sure it the gentleman in a tie that gave me my receipt."	2
8574	"I do not know what it is about this location but their coffee every time I go is so damn good. Their morning crew must be fire! Not gonna lie fast service, not crazy friendly but fast and breakfast has always been in point."	5
8575	Trash. Customer service is trash.   I'll never want mcdonalds for real.  Been 3 weeks since tomorrow.	1
8576	We ordered and got it &it was hot and right	5
8577	I wanted to order but they didn't have a curbside option and they weren't open for dining in. A bunch of people tries going through the drive thru but because we didn't have cars they wouldn't even talk to us. There were a lot of other customers too.	1
8578	"The service and food was so-so, but what do you expect from McDonald's?"	3
8579	Literally the best mcdonalds to go to in the early early a.m. but watch out for the overcooked or stale fries. Hardly ever been there and systems updating or down so it's my go to spot when alot of places are closed.	4
8580	"Posting this review in hopes that someone sees it. My number one complaint is the hours listed; it says 24hrs but that is not true. I'm not sure when they actually close, but I've been there at midnight, way later around 2am and 3am, and they're closed. The funny thing is that there's usually someone inside to tell me that they're closed.. I don't mind that they close early, but they need to correct their hours if that's the case. I frequently get off work rather late and I'm usually pretty hungry, I can go somewhere else but this location ~would~ be convenient for me for how close it is to my work. It's also frustrating that they allow me to pay on the app and then not get my food. Please adjust your hours online and on the app so people like me don't get their hopes up."	1
8581	"Sammy's were way to hot, but the coffee was cold."	3
8582	Drive through. Asked [by manager?] to pull to the side and wait 5 minutes for apple pies to finish cooking. No problem. Received 80% of my order after those 5 minutes. Both sandwiches handed to me cold. Said he forgot 1 of my drinks and he                           d brb. 25-30 MINUTES LATER AND NO ONE IS ANYWHERE                            I circle through drive through again and ask to speak to the first guy - I just want my drink and the missing sauces. He                           s MIA? The gentleman who help	1
8583	"I want the word to go out about James at this location. He is the worst manager ever! And to the Watson group that owns this location, I'm going to make sure that I spread the word not to visit this location because of James. We waited over 10 minutes because you had only one drive thru open and things were going slow. Well the clock just turned to 11 and we wanted breakfast. They told us no. Even though we were in line long before then and it is not our fault that everything was going slow. I called James and I was upset. I didn't swear but instead of him understanding how this would be frustrating, he just kept giving excuse after excuse and then whined that he wasn't going to talk anymore and hung up on me. Like I said, I didn't swear but I let him know that it was rude how they treat people. IF I CAN GIVE ZERO BECAUSE OF JAMES, I WOULD! Learn to understand your customers. Until then,  everyone stay away from here!"	1
8584	Food was good for McDonalds but the crewmembers seemed a little distracted	5
8585	"I don                           t personally eat here, my kids eat the fires and it                  "	5
8586	"Trash was overflowing, Coke dispenser was out of syrup and worst of all my hamburger was raw. Not a good experience."	1
8587	This is my first time eating at this location but probably might try it again for a better review but nothing about my meal was normal except for all the lettuce falling out of my big Mac nothing was excessively old but just seemed like they have us stuff that was about time to get thrown away none of my food was hot it was semi warm the nuggets weren't the greatest I don't waste food so I still ate it but I will give this location another shot to see if i can get better food for the price I a paid	2
8588	"Hit or miss with this on. On some occasions the service is good, but mostly bad. One Saturday morning myself and another car pulled up to the drive thru and waited for almost 2 minutes. I pulled forward and went inside got my order and as I was leaving saw the other car just pulling up to the pick up window.  Food is typically warm not hot
9/18/22at at the drive in while they took 3 cars from the other lane after telling me they would be right with me.   Left without ordering most likely won                           t "	1
8589	U know it's McDonald's it's all rite  nothing to big just mickey Dee's  u know q	3
8590	Due to the app I had a Bic Mac with no purchase necessary. I wasn't looked down upon and was treated like everyone else. I did but a soda but still. They did not know that I was going to do that.	4
8591	Would leave zero s but I can                           t. The food is nasty. Re dropped fries and burgers that have been in the heater all day. Only good thing is the lobby stays clean with	1
8592	Drive through staff will short you $5-10 dollars worth of food almost every time. Very slow service.	1
8593	A much nicer experience than the MCDs on 900 as review 3 weeks or so ago. Staff seemed content being their and the food was cooked. No complaints here	5
8594	Took them forever to come to the register to take our order and then they let our bag of food sit there forever before they gave it to us. Not happy with our services at all.	2
8595	30 minutes in the drive through... again.	2
8596	Really bad experience. We went through the drive through at night and ordered two chocolate shakes. We paid. Got to the pickup window and the lady told us they didn                           t have chocolate shakes and asked us if we wanted vanilla or our money back. We told her we wanted our money 	1
8597	"I was on my pedal bike in drive thru...as I have done a countless other locations. A lady come on the speaker and told me the wait time was going to be 25-30 minutes. It was late, I just got off work, and was hungry, so I didn't mind. I wanted some McDonald's! I placed my order and then she told me they do not accept walk-ups. I told her I am on a bicycle, not a walk-up. She told me she was cancelling my order. Needless to say, no McDonald's that night, and now the company has lost my business."	1
8598	"Such a great location with fast & efficient service. It was 3am when I went and I'm sure the employees were tired because it was so busy but Angel and Anthony at this location specifically were SO nice and happy. They were friendly, complimentary, and just overall made the experience 10/10. Usually McDonalds is notorious for giving sub-par experiences, but this one was incredible."	5
8599	No idea what time the lobby actually closes but 6:30 pm is a bit early. So headed to the drive through with everyone else and by the time I got my food it was already cold.	2
8600	Me and My Wife went to get ice coffees this morning I asked for extra syrup and cream and what we got was no extra syrup no extra cream and they charged us for the extra cream and syrup that was never put in the coffee. The coffee would                           ve tasted better if we didn                         	1
8601	Super disappointed that breakfast isnt all day long anymore which sucks. This isnt the best mcdonalds around thats for sure....staff is kind of rude and has their music blaring. Also i was waiting for my food and one of the workers came up and asked if i was waiting for someone like it was a problem i was there. Only go here if i absolutely have to....last resort for sure. I rather go to a location further from my house to get better service.	3
8602	These was the 2nd time I had this problem with the same McDonald's. I was hoping that the first time just some kind of mistake. So I fell for it twice.  And at the redickuless price they get like $4 for like 1/4 of a potato. 10 lb for that price in the store.  It will not be happening again! No more fries from this place!!! And all over 1 cents worth of salt. Lmao	2
8603	Super dirty and very slow. It was 11 at night and there was a small staff but I expected more from McDonald  	2
8604	I love this location cuz it's downtown so it's always super quick.	5
8605	"New Crispy Chicken was dry and no pickles. Tomatoes were end pieces. I get that it's ""fast food"" but take some pride in what you serve rather than trying to move the drive through line!"	3
8606	"Placed an order in the APP, and it was ready in a timely manner!"	5
8607	One time I found throw up in their slide. I always feel like McDonald's is not clean and very professional. Everytime I go there the chairs are sticky. Their food is pretty much fake. Their hamburgers are tiny and the bread is always soggy.	3
8608	Went there around 10:20pm 11/24. Was expecting old food and cold fries but was delighted to find hot fresh food. The manager on shift made sure I got all of my items. Made my night!	5
8609	The Hispanic females there were putting hair in people's food	1
8610	"Something happened to their Coke.  Either the mix is off, or they changed a hose.   Either way it is half as good as it once was.   Bummer !!!"	3
8611	"I walked there. Would not let me order at the window. I don't see a problem taking an order if you aren't in a vehicle. You get the money before you make the order. And the lady was very rude to me, she slammed the window on me and wouldn't even say for example, our policy doesn't allow us to serve unless you're in a vehicle, sorry, or something of that sort, s hi e was very poorly trained. Remember you do serve the public a n d McDonald's isn't my favorite. It was convinient. It is unhealthy for you. Probably live longer because I never got their food. I'll never go there again."	1
8612	"Dining room was closed with no sign indicating it was. Called to inquire why it was, and female employee was incredibly rude. When I asked why the dining room was closed she gave me a lot of attitude, and said ""Uh, because it is? Because we don't have enough people?"" As if that should have been obvious (again, there was no sign) That woman needs to learn how to speak to people with respect."	1
8613	We                           ve gone through three times now and it just seems like the person who                           s taking your order is n	2
8614	Had a great time here Maria is the assistant manager and was kind and helped me and got everything I wanted fast.	5
8615	"Go to another nearby location and you'll get better service. All the employees are nice except for one. The trans woman who works nights is ALWAYS SO RUDE, she's the reason I don't go to this location anymore. She goes out of her way to make it so you can't use coupons from the app as well. For example the buy one get one free for quarter pounder, big mac, etc. It can only be used when the sandwiches are rung in not in a meal, she knows this and purposely puts 1 in a meal so that your coupon won't work and when you ask to have it removed from the meal she says no so you have to pay double. Always an attitude. Go to another location nearby."	1
8616	"So as of late, the past month or so, they close the store randomly to save face and not overwhelm the low count of night staff they have. It's 1230 in the morning, no line and the kid working says it's going to take an hour.  When I knownfor a fact it takes about 10 to 15 min. I had placed an order on the app using my free points. Looking to get a quick bite on my Sunday night walk home from my usual business and now I'm down from 2600 points to 100 points...AND STILL HUNGARY!!!! Yall lucky you get a 2 .. update I now have 1600 points O.o. yall need to properly train your staff and quite frankly I think you should just overhaul the entire place with new staff because what you have now..SUX!"	2
8617	In that whole area that is the best McDonald's they have extremely and friendly employees there very personable. The drive-thru is very fast they are very friendly they repeat orders back to you asked if you would like your receipt ask how your day has been. The parking lot is very clean considering that that area has a lot of problems with litter. Their sodas are always refreshing and cold they don't ever taste watery. they put together their hamburgers meet me so the Patty or the sauces are not dripping or the patties falling out of the bun. I very much recommend this McDonald's than any other McDonald's in the area.	5
8618	Friendly and helpful but just kinda monotone like the environment of the restaurant. Not bad but nothing special.	3
8619	I am most certainly not lovin it.	1
8620	"They didn't have fries or ice cream. Let's be honest though, we already knew the second one."	1
8621	Horrible customer service. They ignore their customers when clearly standing in line.	1
8622	Ordered a Chocolate Shake and they gave me a mixture of chocolate and mint. I drove back and asked them to fix it. They made me wait 5 minute and gave me a mixture of mainly vanilla ice cream. When I asked they told me thay the machine was not working right! What a ripoff!	1
8623	I can't remember the time I got good fries from them.   Once in a while there are good employees there that make up for it but I have simply dropped this place from my list of places to go after the last few times I've eaten there.  I should say this is for all McDonald's	1
8624	"Drive through only right now, but the wait was short. The cashier/order taker was efficient and friendly. McDonald's is still a great value with fun food choices. Enjoy the flavor without Covid-19 exposure."	5
8625	McDonald's as most people already know is one of the most popular burger places. At this location service was pretty good and everything but the thing was that when we got a happy meal the box was the Eternals theme but the toy was from Encanto. I really don't know if they want to make a superhero magic mix         	5
8626	"High prices, terrible food, stale and customer service lacking. Tried a few times to give them a chance but I                   "	1
8627	"Dine in experience was really not fun. :/ Went there to have a nice breakfast out and the cashier got into a screaming match with a customer, and other customers got involved. Bad vibes all around. Food was fine as it's pretty much the same everywhere. I drive twice as far to go to a different McDonald's even though dine-in isn't even offered right now. :/"	2
8628	Literally had two homeless people come to my car while ordering. One of them tried to open my door on the passenger side. The other one reached inside. I am a grown man. This spooked me. Never again will I go to this location.	1
8629	"This location is frequented alot, but the other day was by far the worst experience I've ever had at this location. Not only was I completely disrespected and mocked. My food was terrible,  almost like they KNEW I was coming?. Be careful going coming here."	2
8630	"So my boyfriend and I ordered a large fries and 2 large drinks. We get to the window to pay l Had a coupon on the app for the large fries. Then I was paying for the rest on venmo. The girl at the register had no idea what she was doing. She had the assistant manager come help her she had no idea what she was doing... Then the manager came and we had now told them over 7 times to just take off the drinks... The manager still had a hard time....
How hard is it to take 2 drinks off an order.
He then was trying to say we had to pay for the fries. He eventually just let us have the fries for free. We also had a second order with another large fries. (we had 2 phone's with Free fries)
They were all rude and didn't care about us at all.
0/5"	1
8631	"When there                           s people working, the service is pretty good                            today we went to the drive thru and no one was there to take our order    "	3
8632	"The food quality is good, service is fast. Location is downtown and clientele can be an interesting mix. Staff is a bit hardened, they get the job done but I think they have to put up with some unruly customers and it can affect there friendliness. I receive consistently good quality food."	3
8633	Pretty solid McD                           s.  This one honors the liberty card which gives a free matching sandwich with 	5
8634	"There was a security guard here in the middle of the day on a Tuesday. Not sure what to make of that.

Food & service was fine."	4
8635	"Really didn't care much for the area...

Homeless people in and outside of this restaurant. (Not that I dont like them) but made me feel very uncomfortable eating meal with my small child. The lady that took my order overcharged me.... The food tasted great. Even put a Happy meal toy with my big Mac .. but I'm not complaining everyone loves Olaf!  Restaurant has recently been remodeled and seemed fairly clean. I probably won't go back. But it was okay."	2
8636	Worst McDonald                           s on this planet! Don                           t order to go the drive through is faster! The	1
8637	We were visiting. From out of town and came through the drive through for some breakfast. The bacon egg and cheese biscuit was so hard it must have been under the warming light for hours!! It was impossible to eat. My sausage mcmuffin was so dry - not at all what I am used to and I order these regularly. After getting to our hotel room (less than 10 minutes from there) and finding out how terrible our breakfast was we called to let the manager know. Not only did she insinuate that we were lying but was less than professional by far. I have not complained to a fast food establishment for over 4 years. So when I feel food is this substandard and take time out to call I would have expected some common courtesy not an ignorant attitude especially from management. Needless to say when I come back this way I will not be eating at this location. If I were you I wouldn't either!!    	1
8638	"Worst customer experience I                           ve ever had. Period.  Night manager read our order back to us extremely quick, thinking she made a mistake I repeated it back to her. She cut me off and told me that I was being rude and to get out of her line and that she wouldn                           t give us our food. She continued to tell us how her night would be better once we left her line and how we had made her night so bad. I told I just wanted to make sure she got the order right.. said she didn                           t care and told me to get out of line. Craziest thing I              "	1
8639	"where do I t in the past and present they help me with coin, free food coupon or no coupon like buger king, the youth and all ages help and work together, they even accept older coupons I went to many taco bells, let's see I think the corporation are with  KFC there have been nice to me mostly when I'm so tired and just want one or two items like McDonalds they wait even when there in a hurry I so need that when everyone wants to push through life and I know each day is a blessing I'm so sorry if I combined other types of Corp with Mc Donald's it's hard to remember all who what I don't know how many charters this is I just wanted to say I'm glad people have work all over the world and people buy food and give to others also I hope they increase the fast food as well as resterants workers income very soon they feed us when we're tired and food is to expensive, it helps the farmers with there crops around the world sad to say so many states get hit with disasters and there goes fast food and fun eateries that's all everyone take care and let's keep loving our neighbors world wide agape sister rogers"	5
8640	"The $1 cheeseburgers and chicken sandwiches I order from every McDonald                           s were noticeably better here. The extra onions were actually noticeable at this location but what really caught my attention was the beef patty. It was still hot when I got and juicy too so I know it was fresher than most other McDonald                           s. The chicken patty was still hot too and I could taste the spice more than usual as well.

This would have been a 5/5 but the drive through speakers wasn                "	4
8641	"I come here quite often, and for the most part, it's a normal McDonald's. There is one manager here that frequently yells at his employees for no reason at all, IN FRONT OF THE CUSTOMERS! I honestly feel bad that they have to be treated like that because apparently the manager doesn't understand that places get busy and there will be a wait a bit longer than usual. This location always has homeless people standing/sitting at each exit of the parking lot. One hot, summer day, I was leaving this McDonald's and made the mistake of putting down my windows down before leaving the parking lot. I was stopped by one homeless man and he asked for money, and usually I don't carry cash, but I happened to have a couple quarters in my car, so I gave them to him and he thanked me for helping him and his brother out. I pulled forward a bit more, and his brother stood up, walked over to my car, and I thought he was just going to thank me for the money, but nope! He literally ted climbing inside my car to get some food from the passenger seat. He was grabbing me, and had his hands on my steering wheel and I ted driving away to get him to stop after offering him some more quarters so he could buy his own food, and he kept yelling at me saying that he wanted the food I had. In the end, I left being robbed of the few bucks I had in coins in my car, and feeling very much violated. Again, this could have been avoided by having my windows up, but I thought it would be worth including that experience in my review. Really not a bad place, but definitely not the best."	3
8642	Went to eat there tonight and no one was there. It says that you guys are open 24 hours drive thru only but no one was there at the kiosk or at the windows. So please update your business hours.	1
8643	Man. This. Location. Sucks. So. Bad.	1
8644	Honestly.. idk who runs this place. But the turnaround time is patheticcccc. Like.. I get is McDonald                           s. The expectations are low. But this place routinely has the longest wait time I                  	1
8645	"Since I work graveyards I unfortunately have to rely on McDonald's for food sometimes. I recently ted trying to come here since the 7th east location is no  longer open 24 hours. Every time they've been closed for cleaning. If you're going to close update your hours so I don't waste my time driving all the way to you only to have to drive all the way to 2100 south.

Maybe you should stop paying vation wages and you'd be able to hire an extra hand to help clean lol."	1
8646	"I mean it                           s McDonald                           s, you         "	4
8647	Order mcdoubles and chicken nuggets and fries for my kids. Burgers were dry like they had been under heat or light for too long I mean sand dry. Fries were stale not freshly prepared. Was beyond disappointed you work hard to make money twenty something dollars wasted on bad quality food beyond disappointed is an understatement. I won't be coming back to this location.	1
8648	Watch out for the homeless people in the drive through. Shirtless guy will walk right up to your window and tell you to go F yourself if you don't buy him food.	1
8649	"We went through the drive thru and to t it took too long for anyone to come over the speaker and then they were quiet and hard to understand. One of the things we ordered was ""a number two"". He was asked what size he wanted and what to drink as part of the order. They didn't give us fries with our combo meal and when the manager FINALLY noticed me he gave us a medium fry not the large we ordered."	2
8650	I love nothing more than McDonalds fries. It                           s hard to imagine that anyone comes to McDonald                           s	1
8651	I've been a few times and 50% of the time it's been great with prompt service and order right but the other half of the time it was long wait and order wrong..  Like I asked for hot n spicy with cheese and double cheeseburger and my burger had one patty and 2 pieces of cheese and the hot n spicy didn't have cheese and the chicken was really dried out and old.. So it's a toss of the dice on how it is... But they are 24 hour so I still go lol	3
8652	Tried to order before hitting the airport; they asked us to wait a few minutes. We left after 20 without hearing another word.	1
8653	"They charged me for a medium drink for my nieces happy meal, didn't ask for a medium drink. The guy who handed me my food barely acknowledged we were there at the window. He practically threw our food in our window while not even looking. Almost dropped our drinks. He was just shoving our food and drinks out his window blindly. I asked him why we had a medium drink he said he didn't know because it was all automatic. The cashier didn't give us our receipt so I asked him if I could get a copy of my receipt. He stormed off and comes back about a minute later shoves the receipt in my face and tells me if I want a copy of my receipt I need to ask at the first window. I just wanted to know about the medium drink otherwise I wouldn't have needed a copy of my receipt or if the cashier would have given me one I wouldn't have had to ask. Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. Never making that mistake again."	1
8654	Service was quick but the person taking my order was completely unprofessional and not accommodating at all. Horrible service. When asked for my drink I stated                            half coke....                            the lady cut me off and aggressively said                         	1
8655	"They have implemented the self-order kiosk machines and the newer soda dispensers with the touchscreen. Restaurant was clean and everything was in order. Didn't have much interaction with employees there but they seemed nice. Overall great experience. Especially for a McDonald's restaurant, which isn't generally somewhere you go for a good customer experience. I was pleased with my quick visit"	5
8656	"What can I say, it's McDonald's but at least when I've gotten food here is been got and as fresh-tasting as one could ever hope for with fast-food. I hate cold fries but I've never gotten any from this store. I've also never been treated poorly here so I have no complaints at all."	5
8657	McDonald's is a really popular place but i think there also very complacent why do they always put there fish fillet half way off the bun i like the taste of the fish but it would be nice if you added lettuce and tomato to the sandwich that's all	3
8658	"After a few unsuccessful visits, I have the impression you'll be served if the staff happen to feel like it."	1
8659	I was staying next door at the hotel and decided to stop in for breakfast sandwich and the sandwich was nasty wasn't cooked. But my #1 reason for the one  is the way the manager spoke to her worker in front of customers this was on 9/23/2019. I was like WOW really... Talk to people the way you would want to be spoken to. If you want to be rude talk to the person in the back. But otherwise learn to be a better manager that was unacceptable.	1
8660	"Great customer service.
Food was old tasting and hard for some items."	3
8661	"I'm sorry. But half the people working here dont have a clue whats going on. 98% of the time I come here, they forget something. Its unbelievable. No other fast food chain has as many issues as any McDonald's does. Blows my mind. And these people want raises? Learn how to do your job if you want a raise."	1
8662	Just went in to use the bathroom while my friend bought a couple of little burgers. Restroom itself did not seem dirty but I did feel compelled to construct a toilet seat cover from toilet tissue in the absence of actual seat covers available in a dispenser.    	3
8663	This McDonalds is a joke. What they fail to mention on their hours of operation is at Midnight is that they are not able to take any Orders because their system is updating for at least 45min. Never heard of any other McDonalds closing down just to update. It would be nice if they stated that on google so people don't waste their time and gas for nothing.	1
8664	This has GOT to be the worst McDonald                           s in America. I live next 	1
8665	"We went on Friday night around 11:30, and it was slow. We waited in like for 20 minutes then waited for our order and even to get to the window for thirty minutes. The people on the window and intercom were beyond rude. like i understand you're busy, but you DO NOT need to be rude to your customers, reguardless how busy you are."	1
8666	"Pretty good experience, considering I didn't buy anything this time.  Not too spectacular to get around the peeps hangin around outside for no reason... but it IS downtown... and the only McDonald's for a pretty big radius.  Inside was pretty good, with the new self-order station things.  They've recently done some good renovations.  Not too shabby, McD's... not too shabby."	4
8667	Forgot cheese on my egg McMuffin. Everyone knows eggs are 1000000 % better with cheese. Not cool at all.	3
8668	Sometimes there                           s a line here around the lunch over her dinner hour but they                  	5
8669	Tad bit slow in drive through.  But other than that usual MC Donald's experience and consistent taste. Value for money breakfast.	4
8670	This place is slloowwwwww	1
8671	"Good  service, but I had told the waitress   not to take my tray and that.... I had to go out to get a portable battery for my phone. Upon doing so, the security officer harassed me about smoking when I had not lit my smoke.i then waited for his instructions when he ted to speak  it was in espaniol and he pointed toward the street. I was somewhat confused and a bit worried about my LG. Coffee and a set of gloves.so my question  is why. Make your restaurant so user friendly and then harass it's patrons after a good dining experience?"	2
8672	"You guys won't believe what just happened! Hubby & I went through the drive thu. When it was time to pay, the guy told us the car ahead of us had paid for us! I've heard of these things happening, but not to us! It is December, but I have no way to tell these good people of their immaculate timing. What those nice people don't know is I'm diabetic and my blood sugar was crashing cuz my car suddenly broke down a block away. Just when the cashier told us of the kindness, the tow guy called... he was one hour early! I didn't even see what type of car the kind people drove or get to wave thanks. I must add that my fish sandwich came with the extra sauce and the French fries were piping hot. Perfect ice in the drink and the right mix, too. They even gave us extra napkins! Can I just say a very humble thank you to all involved?"	5
8673	Don't know why?? but painfully slow in the drive thru lately.... Also would be nice if they wouldn't smash the breakfast burritos with heavier items. Little things let people know you care.. js	3
8674	"Newly remodeled, very clean for now. Service was pretty decent, I would say slightly better than average as far as McDonald's is concerned. I love using the app to place mobile orders, much easier that way especially during the lunch rush. Food was, well, it's McDonald's. Pretty average food too."	4
8675	They forget everything and charge you for it	1
8676	My sister and I went there 9:30ish after getting into town late for a funeral the next day. We ordered off of their little automated order taking thing which we had never done before and got our orders and headed back to the hotel. When we got back to the hotel I noticed that they had given me one of their $1picy chicken sandwichs instead of $1 cheeseburger I had ordered but as it was late and only over a dollar I didn't feel like going back to correct it. But the rest of the order was correct and as far as the quality of the food I guess it was as decent as fast food from McDonald's can be	3
8677	"Called to confirm I could order using the app and walk up to pick up my order as I am staying at a hotel nearby. Other McDonalds just bring it to you outside the door when the lobby is closed.

They just hung up on me and kept the phone off the hook!! Wow - now that                           s customer service; they won"	1
8678	"They mixed up my order in the drive thru with someone else's and gave me the wrong food. I guess that's what I get for not checking my bag until I drove 20 minutes home, and for eating at McDonald's in the first place."	1
8679	This is by far the best location in the valley. Customer service is always great. The staff is always very friendly and the wait time isn't that bad at all. I'm always satisfied with this location  	5
8680	Do not go here! My family came here on Christmas Eve and had the worst experience! We stayed at a hotel and wanted some nice hot chocolate and cookies and the cookies were hard as a rock and the hot chocolate was disgusting! It was hot water with peppermint. On top of it the customer service was awful. They refuse to take your order and make you do it on their machines. If u have questions too bad. We went back three times and they still got it wrong. Just save your time and do not go here!	1
8681	"PLAN TO BE UNWELCOMED!!! 15 Mar 2020 p.m.
I expect to be treated with basic common courtesy                           nothing more                           and, especially, nothing less!

I have had customer service issues with this McD                           s franchise before and have taken issues  to the managers.                                    Tonight I became livid!
I
parked my rented scooter along the side of the building, like I                           ve done for the last year with no problem.                                    Tonight, a large black security guard got out of his car and yelled across the lot that I couldn     reep moving on (he had gone inside by this time.)                                    It was not the words, though gruffly spat, but his tone and his pompous, condescending attitude towards me.
I continued to the front, parked the scooter AGAIN, and went straight to the manager to vent my complaint about the treatment I had received.                                    Initially, the complaint was well and openly received by a young, demur manager on duty, and she apologized for the treatment.                                    I also explained that I lived in the area, frequented this McD                           s, and that I would rather inconvenience myself and go an additional mile and a half to Burger King than spend one dime at this McD ive change in their employees, or the District/Corporate Big-Wigs are allowing this to happen.                                    The lack of customer service and concern is appalling---especially for a name like McDonalds!                                    I stormed out and left in disgust!

Advice:                                    Don                           t expect to be treated like a valued customer.        "	1
8682	"I ordered around midnight and it was fairly busy; about 7 people in line for the drivethru. I order all my fries with no salt for a few reasons.. 1. I was sick of always getting cold fries.  2. They put way too much salt on these days...
I needed to add something to my order at the end,  and apologized thoroughly, as i have worked fast food and understand the annoyance.
The guy that helped me did not say one word in response about it, which was rather rude.
My change in order did not take any extra time,  and by the time i got my fries... guess what?
They were cold."	3
8683	"Staff was okay. They messed up our order twice, and then forgot about us when they had us pull forward at the drive through. Other than that, it's a good McDonalds. It's clean, the food is the same as every other one, and it's got a pretty decent location."	3
8684	"Was craving a breakfast sandwich, but they stopped selling those all day. Then I shifted to a chicken sandwich, but they only sell the spicy version now. Sadly, I drove away with no food..."	1
8685	"The old standby of a 1/4lb. w/cheese, fries and a coke was a disappointment. A warmed over hamburger patty that wasn                           t warm enough to melt the chee"	2
8686	Frys were cool and soggy. The double quarter pounder w/cheese was slapped together were one beef paddy going one way and the other one going the other. It was stuck that which made it hard to eat.	2
8687	I spend a lot of money at this location and I haven't really ever had a bad experience the only downfall with this restaurant is it states that it is 24 hours yet it is closed during hours of the night and as I just stopped to get my breakfast this morning after 6:00 a.m. it was closed again sometimes they are even closed in the middle of the day so it is not always open as stated but it has always treated me well when it comes to customer service and food quality	4
8688	"Went at about 3 am and ordered at the drive thru. Was very impressed with their service! All of my food was fresh, and it couldn't have been a better experience. Great job!"	5
8689	"The two employees running the store the evening I went were completely overwhelmed, and yet still managed to give great service with a smile. These guys deserve a raise."	5
8690	Ice cream cone was perfect.  MC DONALD diet coke is the closest thing to coke zero since they calibrate their machines for a perfect soda and purify there water.  THANK YOU MC'DS	5
8691	There was nobody at the register for about 5 minutes and one customer walked out. The burger I got had Gouda cheese which tasted good but the bun was soggy and flat like it was on a warmer for some time. They didn't have AARP specials but the manager offered a special anyway.	3
8692	"Always professional and quick, very convenient on the way to the highway. Do not park here if you're just going to the liquor store, i have been booted before. Still come here though, cause good service."	4
8693	"My neighborhood McDonald's and it's meh... lack luster service especially inside. They gotta keep the drive through times down so the dining room service is at best a ""C"". The security people there are always pressuring people to leave. Its assumed you're homeless or a bum so security gives you a time in which you've got to go. Then there's the food. I suggest a 5 - 10 minute walk to Apollo Burger."	3
8694	This is more of a homeless shelter than a McDonald's	2
8695	"First and last time to this McDonald's. Had to stand around for 20 mins aside from only 2 people being there. One employee caught an attitude when i asked for no pickles. None of the burgers were wrapped right. And they were so lazy about they job that at first they wouldn't even come to the register to take my order. Kept ing at me expecting me to use their damn machine.
Customer service and being polite goes a long way ladies! And learn how to wrap your food."	2
8696	I ordered 2 big macs. They had no meat. No patties. Seriously?	1
8697	This place is very dirty the employees are very rude. They got mad cause we asked for ketchup. Then we stayed in to eat and the employees are talking and putting down all the customers. They have been putting the men and lady's in the same bathroom cause the men's is closed and then my daughter went to use the bathroom the lady up front said there is 2 men in there cause there is closed. So she went in then the security guard need to use it and then the employees where talking about my daughter I went up there and told them that If they would take better Care and clean your place it would be up. Plus you have food over every where they don't wash there hands they don't clean the tables then you ask for a wash cloth to clean they say we don't have any clean. There is so many drug dealers here even the workers are sale I ng inside in the lobby in the parking lot.. I will never come here again I'm also calling the cops on the drug deals I seen. Even with a security guard on duty he just looks the other way.. DO NOT EVER COME HERE	1
8698	"Yo real talk...... this mcdonalds convinced me to never give mcdonalds another dollar for the rest of my life.....

Last place in all categories.... WOW"	1
8699	Got me a good breakfast for the whole famz for a good price. Haha and I have the app so I made enuff points to get me a free big mac haha                                       	5
8700	I like the way they do the egg McMuffin with sausage here. I think it's just the muffins aren't toasted so much so they're a little softer everything else seems fresh and tasty. This one happens to have a bunch of one-way streets around it but soon as you know that you can figure out how to get in and out. Fast service in the Drive-Thru no complaints.	5
8701	"Ordered a bacon, egg and cheese biscuit meal, and they give me no bacon! They did send me 2 complimentary meals which was great. I go back with the free coupon and they gave me a chicken sandwich when I ordered a signature burger. Called their office to let them know and they did not care. Now I call Corporate in Chicago, how do you like me now????"	1
8702	"The worst drive thru service I've ever had anywhere. From the time I ted paying attention to how long I was waiting in line til the time I was given my food was 48 mins. At least 10 mins before that I was waiting in line not paying attention to how long I'd been there.  So roughly an hour to get my food. Then only to be treated rudely  by the cashier, because somehow I was supposed to know they wanted cash only. Not sure why, since I had no choice but to run my debit card and it went through just fine and in a normal amount of time. I'll never go there again. I'll drive a few mins to another location."	1
8703	"Went thru the drive thru around 6am on a Saturday morning. The attendant who took my order was very thorough and most importantly very friendly. When I was handed my order by another very friendly attendant, my order was correct, fresh, and delicious. Best McDonald's service I have ever experienced. Thank you team for ting my morning right!"	5
8704	Friendly staff. Was even offered a position. Yet I could not accept due to my being homeless at the moment..	5
8705	"I don't go to McDonald's often but I've been here twice in the last year, both times were terrible. I went through the drive through both times. One time during the lunch hour, I didn't  get one of my burgers. I got the rest of a meal but the quarter pounder never made it  in the bag. I didn't know until I got home. Tonight I waited 20 minutes, no exaggeration, to get 1 burger from the line. I will never go here again I should have just driven home to eat. It would have been faster."	1
8706	"this place sucks. two of the employees were yelling at each other, super immaturely. the store was disgusting, it took forever to order, and even longer to get our food. like I said, the management sucked. the employee he was arguing with just quit on the spot, saying ""I'm outta here"" and just left after being asked to do his job. entertainment value is five s, quality is one ."	1
8707	"So you pretty much can only turn right leaving this mcslappys so we always just go a lil farther down freedom to watch the sk8boarders while we eat.
Heads up, the spoons for the mcflurry are not also straws. I feel like i kill a dolphin everytime i get one, ain't no way that spoon takes less than 1 billion years to decompose.
If you take the bottoms off two basic hamburgers and slap them boys on top and bottom of a chicken sando, you get a McOreo                         "	5
8708	"Was forced to use the kiosk. If you need to pay in cash, you have to still use the kiosk then go the the cashier with your receipt and pay. Check out takes a lot more time, the food is not prepared any faster, and the dining room or bathrooms aren't any cleaner. So there is no advantage to the customer."	2
8709	"10/11/2018 - Zero s if offered. Employees and superiors lack customer satisfaction service.
Because employees follow lead of supervisors, can do attitudes are can't and won't.
In regards of coffee and soft drinks, we were told it is 'their policy ' to not offer refills due to high levels of homeless.
(What an awful thing to say.)
The restrooms are locked. To exit restrooms, one must know (we did not) to press a button in order for the door to unlock.
Definitely not the McDonald's for us. We would not be surprised if higher management reads this review then ultimately 'bar' us from their establishment even though we shall not return to this McDonald's location."	1
8710	"Went here at midnight. Staff was nice, quick and effective. Long line and the staff didn't waste any time."	4
8711	"So incredibly slow once the bars closed and the drunks got hungry. Fries were old, not hot. Disorder with the 2 drive through lanes. 3 cars in the outside lane back to back to back ordered (2 if those cars should have been behind my order) while our car (knowing what we were ordering, given we had at least 20 minutes waiting in line just to get to the ordering board/microphone speaker) sat at the menu for over 5 minutes waiting to order. Overall, our drive-through wait time was forty, YES 40!!!, minutes. Will NOT go there again. Also the frequent harassment made by the half dozen homeless people begging for either money, cigarettes, food, or to wash our Windows. Clearly, they should have picked up on our lack of patience at that point and left us the %@#! Alone. McDonalds staff or management should fix that problem for others as well."	1
8712	"I am highly enraged with their service. They didn't specify on their signs in the parking lot that I couldn't leave the parking lot for more than five minutes. They booted my truck and I had to pay him with my food in hand. I've tried talking to the store manager, McDonald's main office and submitted a complaint. All I get it's the run around, hung up on and berated. I'm not much for posting these kinds of things, but I'm out money I feel wasn't owed, and feel highly taken advantage of."	1
8713	"Probably the fastest, most simple and delicious experience I have had with McDonald's so far. The management is on top of it with the system they have going. I really respect that after the many disappointments I have had with McDonald's before.  They know what they're doing at this location! It's great!"	5
8714	There was blood on the womens bathroom toilet I told the old cashier and she said o well! I tried talking the manager and she completely ignored me I tried calling the number on my receipt 4 different times and everytime I got a busy signal. My daughter and I were standing off to the side waiting for our drinks and thank god after seeing the kitchen area we did not order food I was completely and utterly disgusting!!!!! Please do not go to this McDonalds! I rated it 1  only because I had to rate it to leave this to bad!!	1
8715	"McDonalds was fine; the people I went with sucked. But honestly this place is really sketch, they even have a security guard at the front door in case things go sideways. If you are wondering HOW things could go sideways, you wouldn't have to expand your view further then the amount of druggys that go to this McDonalds. Half of them don't even buy anything, they just stand around (to heat up I presume) waiting for the security to kick them out. The other half stand in line and figure out that they can't buy anything at the front desk then leave. Normally I wouldn't have a problem with this if they kept to themselves like everyone else ordering something at the McDonald's, but they would  randomly yell, ask questions, pan handle, and just were being a general nuisance. I understand that an establishment can't control who their costumers are, so it's not exactly the MD's fault, but still this Micky D's should be avoided at all costs for that reason. I give them 2 instead of one because the good customer service and magically clean bathroom. Seriously these cashiers have to deal with a lot of weird stuff and they somehow aren't mentally broken by the end of the day. I went at 11 at night which probably affects my review, but from the first impression I'm not inclined to go again to find out how it is in the day unless it was simultaneously the only restaurant, I was ving more than a communist in the gulag, and I lost my ability to cook food myself. Seriously don't go here it's horrible."	2
8716	"They are so fast here!  I'm kind of picky, so I order my stuff without ""this"" or with ""that"" and they get it right every time and keep the line moving!  Friendly people too!"	5
8717	"Zero customer service skills. They don't even acknowledge yor presence. You talk to them and besides taking your order and your money, they don't even thank you for shopping there."	1
8718	"I don't like cold fries. No one does. When a sign says Customer Parking only, does that exclude customers 10 minutes into the future? I have waited longer than that in this location's drive-through. I had a combo stop to make. Pick up some rum and bring home some dinner for me and the wife. I parked at McDonald's and walked the 65econds or so to the liquor store. A purchase and the return voyage took all of five minutes. By the time I had returned, there was a boot on my car. The person responsible for this was in the parking lot and informed me that to be considered a McDonald's customer, I would have had to make my fast-food purchase first, and then been given  30 minutes in the parking lot. It's a cold November evening. Fast food sitting in a car would be cold by the time I had returned, so I did things in what seemed like the logical order. $90 later, I was too disgusted to eat. I went into the store to file a complaint, but was bullied out by the towing staff. This isn't a predatory company per se, but they're in bed with one."	1
8719	Literally the worstMcD's in the world. Going through drive thru she gave us our drinks and told us to pull forward by door...then blocking the person behind us from getting out. We took initiative and parked in th he drive thru spot. Husband then went in to find out what was happening...defeating the point of drive thru. He said the staff were abysmally slow taking forever to put each item in the bag. We were ving but only ate a little. I've never had McDonald's where grease runs down your arms and the fries were revoltingly greasy too. Surprisingly none of us got food poisoning.	1
8720	"I was driving through the area with a friend and had to settle for this McDonald's after an hour and a half search for an open location that would serve me. However, I found out this location also did not have a working ice cream machine. How can all the machines be down in a city at once? This is some terrible service. My drive thru order taker was rude and had no idea how to process a cash payment. The driving lanes are also an apparent problem for the usual people coming here at night as two vehicles swerved into me and attempted to go in front of me in order to exit while I was at the ordering spot."	1
8721	"Poor slow service an older man came to my table showed me words on his phone saying I had 30 minutes to finish my food and leave.
I asked the cashier about the Man and he claimed he is security and that even though I had paid for my items I could only be there 30 minutes.
I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told there was not one on duty that day. I then asked for corporate office phone number and was told they don't have it.
Very rude way to treat anyone at all."	1
8722	The food at this place is always cold and old. There                           s always someone that doesn                           t know what they                   	1
8723	"The bathroom was disgusting. Someone had left a mess in one of the stalls and bloody tissues by the sink (biohazard). I let someone know to come clean it but she just came in, looked at it and left. I was in a hurry with three children, so we had to cycle through using one stall and there was a constant line forming behind us. If my kids didn't have to go so badly, we would have gone somewhere else. I would never stop there again."	1
8724	"The line was pretty long, but they moved us along fairly quickly. Food was warm and my order was correct. Not much else to say about a fast food joint"	4
8725	"If I could I would give them 0                                     s!!!!!!!!!!

Currently McDonalds is doing a buy one get one for a dollar. 10 piece McNuggets, quarter pounder with cheese and a Big Mac! Instead of just charging me what a normal 10 piece and then add a 1$ for a second one they made me pay 3$ more for a 20"	1
8726	Nice new remodel. Clean and well maintained. Good food.	4
8727	Could you update the lobby hours? It seems to change every two weeks. With the pandemic going on the least you can do is not waste anyone's time.	1
8728	"really this is a 4.5  review. this McDonald's is located downtown salt lake city and everyone who lives here knows that parking downtown is almost impossible sometimes. Now mind you this parking lot is massive for McDonald's. way bigger than what the store needs. so people try to take advantage of McDonald's by parking here and going elsewhere.

For those idiots that are crying about their car getting booted, they were obviously trying to take advantage - even if they were McDonald's customers. There's signs posted all over that are plain as day stating 30 minute parking only otherwise subject to getting booted or towed.  the sign also blatantly says DO NOT LEAVE THESE PREMISES WITHOUT YOUR VEHICLE. so for everyone else crying, try reading the freaking sign. You know those metal signs cost money and they weren't custom made for entertainment or cosmetic purposes. use your brains......

on another note I visited here my first time just now. food was as expected for McDonald's but it's not like a good cook could make that any better. staff was fast, friendly, and effective. And my order was accurate. -.5 a  for closing the lobby at night but once again I don't blame them. There's a lot of crazies out there especially in the midnight and early morning hours."	5
8729	The service was good. Got through the driveway quickly with the right order but as I was leaving a homeless person tried running towards me screaming at my dog	2
8730	Dining room closes at 8pm.	1
8731	Staff was unfriendly and food tasted old. The fried onions on my signature hamburger tasted burnt. We had just got out of a concert and they were busy but our fries tasted like they had been sitting around for 20 - 30 minutes. It was gross	1
8732	"Horrible service, the drive through associates just ask you what else they can get for you. I literally told them that                           s all 4 times and could hear other employees laughing "	1
8733	Ordered their signature Double BBQ Burger tonight at the drive thru... One patty wasn't even cooked.... The buns were burnt black instead of toasted. Fries came out cold. My wife ordered a #6 Chicken Nuggets with BBQ sauce.... Didn't get her sauce and nuggets were cold as well. HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!	1
8734	"The reason why I'm keeping this McDonald's three s is because the customer service was great. Although, the food wasn't that great honestly, I've had better McDonald's McChicken was felt like it was just warmed up in the microwave the bread was stale and the fries were great because I like to order my fries with no salt and if you're looking for some fresh fries remember to order fries with no salt. The parking-lot was clean. The inside of the McDonald's cooking area looked really clean and spic and span the only reason why I'm giving it three s is because the food quality was not great at all so if you can improve that then you can either get another  or two more s it depends on what you guys want for you to McDonalds."	3
8735	The employees at this location threaten my sister in-law because she asked for a happy meal she ordered but didn't get. The manager needs to hire people who don't threaten their customers.	1
8736	"Seriously this is the absolute worst service I've ever had. The manager, is lazy and we sat in the drive thru for 15 damn minutes. We pulled up to the first window, and he opens the window and sits there talking and completely ignored us. Then we pay and pull up to the 2nd window and literally, 3 employees are sitting there talking. We're at 15 minutes and counting and still sitting at the 2nd window. All for 2 hash browns and a sandwhich."	1
8737	"The drive through is open during construction but the it took almost 15 minutes of waiting at the window, then the manager handed me the food and drink while loudly arguing with a co-worker about how they don't like working together. No apology for the long wait. Won't go back to that location again."	1
8738	Very rude. Will not come again. I                   	1
8739	McDonald's has been around since the dark ages it seems and they have always been a pretty good place to enjoy fast food. But lately the food hasn't improved any but the prices have skyrocketed and I refuse to go there anymore for what you pay for their meals you could dine out someplace with a lot more ambiance and social attractiveness.	3
8740	"We came to eat McDonalds to have a lovely meal as friends in the evening of June 3rd. We were informed that we were not allowed to order chicken nuggets because it was                            breakfast time                           . When we got back to our place we were extremely disappointed to find our large fries container was half full, cold, and had no salt whatsoever, My sausage egg biscuit was missing the"	1
8741	"If you want to meet angry homeless people who leave a giant mess at the counter-height seating area and then practically acost you for sitting at THEIR spot when they return from 20 minutes destroying the restroom to find that you, as a customer, have cleaned the wrappers off of the counter, wiped it down, and seated yourself for a meal, you COULD think McDonald's. Fortunately for this particular location, the staff are all very nice and the food is as good as McDonald's gets. Homeless people need to eat, too... forgive me for 'cleaning up' and not thinking anyone was there. It really was just a pile of trash. I wasn't trying to ruin anyone's day. Oh, well, you can't win 'em all!"	3
8742	"At first glance the place looks good but the first quarter pounder was cold and when I watched them fix the second I found the the commercial about being cooked fresh is bs. They pulled the meat from a drawer and it was barely warmer than the first. Then the flies inside were all over everything. Yuk... the last time I will come here. Right before I left a guy came in and tried to get some water and a rude sweaty security guard was stopping him. Wow, this place is not where I would take family."	1
8743	This McDonalds was the perfect way to end our night at the Quarters bar. Their staff was friendly and fast and they had the new pokemon happy meals even though we came at 1:30 in the morning. We even got the rare holographic pikachu pokemon card as a toy in the happy meal.	5
8744	Food was typical. They messed up on my drink but this is something that commonly occurs at most McDonald's. The drive-thru was very slow but that could be because they are short staffed?	3
8745	Fifteen minute wait in the drive through. They don't pull cars aside with larger orders to keep the line moving. Predatory booting person roaming the lot... You'll probably be more comfortable with police supervising the exchange if you happen to get booted.	1
8746	"Employees this time are little less stressed. Also the new look of the store compared with the old 200 years old one makes everything else easier, even dealing with those always non conformist customers"	5
8747	So 4:20 in the morning obviously means something else to this McDonald's.  No coffee made up. The jerk at the window couldn't have been more rude and put off that we were there.  Today we were up early to t our long drive home after what was a very nice weekend in Salt Lake City.  If this is the impression McDonald's wants to leave the. I am happy to never frequent any of their establishments.  15 minutes from the time we paid til the we got our food in the drive through and two cars behind us got theirs ahead of us.  All we ordered were two cokes and two sausage biscuits.	1
8748	"Spent over 20 minutes in line to be told that only serve breakfast at 2am, even though their menu said lunch also.  Then told they were out of almost everything.  Don't waste your time going here at night.  I've gone two separate times and had seriously awful experiences.  Don't go here, there's a Denny's near by, and several gas stations with better service and better food."	1
8749	Picture a mcdonalds in a pretty rough area. They have a security guard. You need permission to go in the bathroom. People are begging. Seems dirty. You can't expect it to be the best one. The staff seem friendly for the most part and my food comes out fairly fast tastes decent . I have noticed the buns are stale slightly around the edge at this location more than once. I haven't had that happen at any others really. I wonder why that is?	2
8750	"The employees were friendly, little stressed. They had a manager who called in at the last minute. The manager didn't cover their shift leaving the employees understaffed. The employee's did a good job being understaffed & having the am rush. Coffee was great, the wait to long. This is I believe on 5th ave n. We were leaveing SL to go to Tooele."	3
8751	"I understand you're under construction but your employees are ridiculous. The employee that shuttles the money was one his cell phone the entire time. I gave him a $10 and told him I had the correct change but he just walked off, still on his phone. Also, if I order and pay for a medium fry, I don't want a small amount in a medium container just thrown in the bag."	1
8752	The franchise is good - Years ago when I ate there regularly - the owner would be there often - she worked onthe line and if you didn't know her you would never know.  Went back recently - I don't know if she still works in the store - but it was as good as I remembered	5
8753	Horrible experience. Waited for over 30mins in the drive thru to have them forget part of our order. Not to mention they couldn                           t figure out 	1
8754	"This McDs SUCKS. Their food is disgusting and their service sucks. They forgot my kids entire happy meal and when they brought it out there was no toy and no chicken nuggets. We ordered sundaes to go and they delivered it to a random table and took some other guys marker. And to top it all off they were RUDE, like it was my fault they suck at their job. This is the absolute WORST experience I've ever had at a restaurant ever."	1
8755	"We were going to the Children's museum & my granddaughter wanted McDonald. Apparently at this location they will only take your order in the drive-thru. We had to call over the counter for help. We were told that we had to order from the kiosk. I explained to them that I had cash. They told me that I still needed to order from the kiosk & then pay cash at the counter...what...then why won't they just take my order??? Then we had to call over the counter a 2nd time because we were struggling with the kiosk. The lady that came out said I had to order my meal a la carte...what!!! Needless to say, we walked out & will  NEVER return!!! If it's such an inconvenience to take people's orders inside maybe they should close the lobby at this location & only have the drive-thru. From the way people were treated while I was there & reading other reviews apparently the customers inside real do NOT matter. I'm surprised that McDonald's would allow a location (franchise) to treat customers this way."	1
8756	I went to order Sweet and Spicy glazed tenders. I said it numerous times and the drive through kept asking what sauce I wanted. Should be obvious Sweet and Spicy  glaze . I left there and went to McDonald's on 1700 S.  Redwood Road . Much better service and food is what I ordered.	1
8757	"I would love the exact location McDonald's i dined at. This one employee only seemed to be against having me eat there. The woman cashier literally did'nt want to order with the 2 for one menu sandwich deal i just recieved on on my phone. She wouldn't offer me a pen to write my code on the receipt, so i used a penny to write the code, so she tells me it's invalid, but i wrote the exact code and it looked as though i wrote in oencile. She immediately try calling security, so i asked the other employees for a manager. The manager was very understanding, and even after helped with all and left to the back, the woman tells me how this is my last order and i have 14 minutes left to eat. It was ammusing so i played the idiot customer roll. I definitely appreciate the manager's understanding for i was also a little short on exact cash, so you can already guess how the woman treated me about that. On the plus side I enjoyed my meal !!"	4
8758	"This Store is the highest priced store, probably the most unfriendly and unprofessional in Utah. The heavy set Hispanic lady at the counter had just taken an order from the young man a head of me and would not take my order. She was going to make me do my order on the kiosk. When I told here no, that I would go somewhere else before I would do that, she told me goodbye. Yes, I am done with mcdonalds. You are not getting another dime of my hard earned money ever. if you continue these business tactics I will be happy to hear you are in bankruptcy. Enjoy the time you have left. Just a side note I have been going to this mcdonalds for over 3 years at least one day per week. Never again! Good thing Wendy's right around the corner was more than happy to take my order and my money. Funny part is Wendy's double burger had more meat and tasted better and the price was almost a dollar cheaper."	1
8759	"I bought two coffees for my twin and I, planned to buy some food tried to use the bathroom first it wasn't available for 45 minutes so I left without purchasing anything else.
That's a zero rating but I need 1 to post."	1
8760	"Went inside to get service faster, oh was I wrong! Waiting for more than an hour to be served, paid at the touchscreen, got cups to serve drinks and soda was terrible, other people left and requested a refund, people got fired this same night,  Elderly people were still waiting to get some food and told me about their bad experience, they seem to be patient but dang this has to be the worst experience in a McDonald's ever. We are Never coming back."	1
8761	First My Hamburger Was Ugly. It Had The Ketchup All Over The Place!! Next My Fries Were Super Salty And Some Way To Crispy. And Lastly My Shake Tasted Horrible! You Could Taste All The Syrup And There Was No Cherry. The Only Good Thing About My Trip Was Their Playground.	1
8762	What a joke I went to this McDonald                           s I work at Gateway got some chicken nuggets asked for an extra  sweet-and-sour sauce on top of the two that they usually give you was very nice to the lady didn                           t say you                           re welcome when I said thank you and did not put my sauce in the bag no I don                        	1
8763	"They have cleaned it up!! There is a security guard who works for McDonald's to keep the riff raff out!  Its clean, nice, and calm.  I definetly recommend going here.  There is no locks on the bathroom even.  I was impressed and will go back when I'm downtown again."	5
8764	"Fast food, fast service. Low quality meals. But, you will probably already know that because it is a McDonald's fast-food, and not a whole foods Cafe organic foods.
The food price is above normal for what you are getting. So, the value is low in the area of food quality for the price. What you are paying for is convenience. They have a very fast drive-thru."	2
8765	"Sat waiting for several minutes before asking for help several times, i said typical bs and backed up to enter other lane when i heard a man laughing from the mic and saying hello."	1
8766	"It's in a bad part of town. A lot of homeless and panhandlers. Bathroom are locked, security watches you... it's an uncomfortable feeling. Not really a good place to take the kids for dinning in. But their service is okay and quick. Their food is standard McDonald's service. Nothing special about it. And this McDonald's sometimes Jack's up their prices cause they say they're ""downtown"" which to me means nothing but everything downtown costs more. McDonald's should not cost more ..."	3
8767	"Horrible. Bad customer service, awful food (cold, hot and spicys were burnt, fries were half empty, cold, and just tasted like oil), just a bad experience overall. Location on 700 east and 250 south is definitely worth the extra few minute    "	1
8768	They get you in the drive thru. I bought big breakfasts and made sure I got the syrup and forks. The employee rolled her eyes because I seemingly didn                   	2
8769	I feel that it is OK to charge to use the restrooms. Yet they are so gross it's not worth it. Employees sneezing on Apple pies whipping hands on seat of pants. The new management is not any better. They where dumb to buy this one. If you have enough room to install two toilets then install two toilets! don't be ghetto and only have only one!	1
8770	The girl taking my order at the counter had a few suggestions on ordering that saved us some money.	5
8771	"Do not park in their lot even if you are eating there.

The ""parking enforcement"" put a boot on my car after I ate here and refused to take it off unless I paid $75. I told him I just ate here and he told me the ATM was inside, seriously?

Not to mention that the lobby was littered with food waste, staff was rude, they didn't have ice cream or shakes and bathrooms were dirty.

0 s if I could."	1
8772	"We were waiting in the drive thru on a Sunday morning. We were asked for our order only AFTER WE had said something about asking if our order was going to be taken and after having 5 other cars in the drive thru next to us  had gone. We ted ordering and then the employee on the intercom said mid order ""hold on I'm helping a customer"" Um isn't that what you're supposed to be doing with us? I said screw it and drove off. You're in the customer service industry, I suggest learning some."	1
8773	"I am not going to hold it too much against that them this particular store is in a part of town where there are a lot of homeless people. Any other restaurant in the same area would have the same struggles. Yes, there are a lot of homeless people in the parking lot and in the store, but there is nothing about this that is threatening to one's personal safety--I say this having gone here easily 100 times (my doctor thanks me). There is also an employee always in the parking lot or the store wearing a black shirt that says ""security"" in big white letters. What this person's actual background is in security is less certain--probably the entire training consists of putting on the shirt. The store is not as clean as one is used to with McDonald's franchises, and the drive-through service tends to be slower. I assume this is because they have a hard time keeping good help. Still, at the end of the day, I am impressed that the workers are generally courteous and the food is generally the same McD's consistency and quality, even with the particular challenges of being in this part of the city."	3
8774	"Personally, I think the service was slow. The food was old, and not very good quality. The workers were nice and friendly but overall didn't seem to know what they were doing. I honestly do not like this location."	3
8775	"12:00 am  Wait 10 minutes behind the car in front of me.
12:10 am  Sever: Cash only, our system is down and rebooting.
Me: that's fine.
Sever: ok, what can we get for you.
Me: number one, medium with lemonade please.
Sever: hold on one moment
Me: ok?
Sever:
Me:
12:12. Me: hello?
12:15. Silence
12:20 Silence

That's when I left. One car was at the window, and at least 12 in line to order. It's always something here. No coffee at 6 am. Out of fries. Cash only. 30 minute wait with nothing to show for it. Super frustrating. If you are down to test your patience, give this location a shot."	1
8776	"This particular store you never know when their lobby is open. Quick service, but they never abide by their posted hours"	1
8777	Orders are always accurate and well made.  I haven't usually had to wait long at the drive thru.  They are not currently offering dine-in service.	4
8778	I pull up to drive thru and told to wait a moment. I wait 30 minutes to place order still nobody takes my order. I pull up to window thinking maybe I was forgotten. I honking horn employees looks at me and walks away. I stay there for another 15 minutes waiting and still nobody takes my order. And all the while I watch at least 12 other cars pull up to drive thru sit and wait and eventually leave cause nobody is taking orders. If your not going to do your job as an employee of McDonald's let the customers know so they don't have to wait  for nothing. By the way I had to give one  to post this. Other wise they would get -5.	1
8779	Customer service is horrible. Customer isn't right here. There correct and your wrong when they screw up an order	1
8780	It was 3am when I went through the drive threw. I ordered a sausage mcgriddle 4 burritos 5 hash browns. Everything was hot except the mcgriddle. It was completely cold and I had to warm it up in my microwave when I got home. Then called the store and spoke with a manager about the situation.	2
8781	"Just ordered 2 BigMacs, one with no lettuce.
Had NO sauce  the other had  a teaspoon worth on the edge of the burger.
Fries were meh."	1
8782	"This has got to be, hands down, one of the worst McDonald's restaurants around. Their service is downright abysmal. Also they are extremely high-priced. I do have to say that their food does live up to McDonald's standards. But by the time you fight off the homeless people, deal with the bad customer service, and pay exorbitant prices, this location just isn't worth it.  One other thing of note. This location does not honor the surveys for the buy one get one free."	1
8783	"I have never encountered a restaurant so rude before. We arrived there at 10:53 they close at 11, I know it's tabu to show up at a restaurant right before close, but we were 6 hours away from home and hungry. Not only were the doors already locked, but the three employees plus a security guard would not come to the door or even acknowledge we were there. Locking the doors early when your signs state your hours is unexceptable!!!!"	1
8784	"Had my car booted by 2 of the dumbest people I have ever met while my girl friend was buying a soda and I was buying wine for a lovely night.  There are 3 total signs displaying this premise, but 2 are on the opposite side of the lot and one is not reflective for their 7-10 night shift of booting/towing.  The signs also say people who aren't patrons will be booted, which I by extension was. My night was spent arguing with the employees and the tow company instead.  I recommend a wholehearted boycott."	1
8785	"This place always has the door lock, so you can not get in to the restaurant"	1
8786	"Extremely rude lady in the morning. I spoke to her with a smile and that did not deter her from the destain she showed, from what I assume because she had to serve me. Waaay too many other McDonald's around for me to need to deal with that in the morning.
If you see a short Asian lady with a grey uniform shirt, do not bother, she will just make your morning worse."	1
8787	"Would give zero ts if I would, they all have an ugly attitude as if I was responsible for them working there. I asked for a caramel macchiato and they said the machine wasn                           t working. Then the person behind me or"	1
8788	"I would like to preface with the statement that I am a fairly hardcore proponent of the proletariat. With that said, the fact that they force you to utilize the kiosk must me some kind of self sabotage. If people are willing to pay at the counter then it could drive down demand for the kiosk.

Secondly; there is a heavyset woman with glasses that gets mad and angry when customers ask for stuff and has to forward it to the manager every time yelling loud enough for rhe lobby; not to mention she hovers over the lobby while people are eating (i get that you want to catch mess early or clean the tables quick I have worked food service before) but do not hover around people trying to eat like some kind of table patrol.

Fortunately the security guard is calm and collected. I mean generally if youre on the clock where else do you have to be?

Service is inconsistent, per the usual, horrible with Uber eats drivers and seem intent on the self destructive goal of ""sabotage my job""."	1
8789	"Not gonna lie, my nuggets came kinda undercooked."	2
8790	Been waiting in a long line for the past 15 minutes. Pull up to the window to pay and the employee with the long blue fake nails is messing around on their phone watching YouTube. No wonder it was taking forever.	1
8791	"The place is disgusting in terms of cleanliness. Full of homeless people on heroin. We actually threw the food in the garbage after we paid for it.  It looked nasty and dangerously filthy. Parking lot outside is full of shady people checking out what is in your car. When we were leaving we saw about 15 people laying on the sidewalks totally stoned from some drug.
Wouldn't recommend (at all)."	1
8792	"Tell me how I end up with a double cheese burger, whose patties, resemble a sloppy joe? My hamburger looked like they cleaned up the grill of all the pieces and threw them on a bun. But I got it quickly and my coke and fries were good so I gave them 2."	2
8793	"Terrible experience with this McDonald's. Employees don't care about nothing, dear manager you are doing great job.     "	1
8794	Loved my watermelon slush at 10 PM...thank you 24 hour McDonalds!!!	4
8795	"The area is surrounded by homeless people so there is a strict 30-minute time limit on eating inside the restaurant. The bathrooms are locked and even asking multiple times to use one I was not given access. My fiance found some kind of blueish chunk in his burger and that ended it for us. Nice and clean but unfriendly staff and atmosphere, and frightening food."	1
8796	Ok for fast food.  Parking lot and drive thru traffic makes the lot dangerous. Poorly designed. Usually always crowded.  The worst is when they ask you to pull up to #2 window to wait for your food and then they serve 5 cars behind you while you sit there and wait.	4
8797	"Awful place, ordered and ate my chicken tenders, fries and drink. Threw away the waste and sat back down to make a phone call. McDonald's ""security"" kicked me out. Said I couldn't stay more than 30 min. I was there 25 minutes and there was 5 other people in the restaurant. Horrible."	1
8798	This McDonalds forces customers to use the new machines. I couldn't order a large orange juice on my breakfast meal so I asked an employee for help. She didn't know how to order that from the machine either. She told me just order the small and that she would get me a large. While I'm waiting for my order another employee (I think it was the manager) told me I owed 50 cents for the large orange juice. She seemed annoyed with me and maybe the young girl too because we didn't know how to order the large OJ  I paid the 50 cents but was unhappy with how unfriendly and the whole experience was. I won't be back to this particular McDonalds.	1
8799	I'm not sure what anyone who has lived in Utah expects when trying to dine in this area. It's pretty common knowledge that downtown is the heart of the homeless and many drug addicts. Not to mention this location is one block from pioneer park and very close to the road home/gateway area. I'm not excusing any rude or bad experiences but maybe just a bit more patience and compassion? It's fast food. Don't like the area? Dine elsewhere.	2
8800	"We go here after almost every late night event we attend in Salt Lake City. Concerts, Jazz games, Utes games. Will probably find another place. The Fries have been way below the McDonald's standard for the last few times and this last time, they changed their ice cream completely. Now the vanilla cones and the hot fudge sundaes are made with that cheap ""ice cream"" that is a cross between a terrible sorbet and cheap refrozen ice milk. Truly disgusting. At least the Cokes were $1.00...but that won't bring us back."	1
8801	Its an average McDonalds. And i would have rated it 3 or higher. But there is always   A rude and sometimes and literate security guard who in morning doesn't speak any English the only English he does know is typed on his cellphone which he charmingly shows you if you don't buy something quick enough he says if you don't buy something get out then at night there's another security guard that isn't that much better he does speak English but again all he ever says is by something or leave	2
8802	"Never had a problem here except my last order, we forgot our drinks in drive through and got someone else's order, which only fed my daughter, but I'm sure it was a simple mistake to make no fus over, besides i got cereal for dinner haha"	4
8803	No one to take your order just really confusing monitor that took twice as long.  Took forever to get food and c it was still messed up.  Only high point was watching the security guard kicking out a few prior one who dropped drugs on the way out.   Too bad the next closest McDonald's was under repair.  Drive thru only!!!	1
8804	"Like a box of chocolate you may get good service or terrible service. Out of the 5 times I have gone their over a 3 week span, I recieved decent service once. I recomend to avoid  this store"	1
8805	"This store's employees purposely turn off and reset their delivery systems payments if they dont ""feel"" like doing their job. Absolutely horrid staff and all should be replaced."	1
8806	"Never gets my order wrong, always tastes great"	5
8807	This McDonalds has really gone to **** ! The service? Ignored. After finally ordering? They don't take the time to bring you your order or even call out your damn number. Coffee sucks... Oh... And their security ..? Whoever is hiring them should be fired with their security. Total A-holes who treat you like you're loitering after 5 minutes... Total judgmental A-holes. DONT VISIT THIS MCDONALDS	1
8808	I visited McDonald's today and got a big Mac. No complaints. The food was good and I got what I expected. The servers were courteous and I got my food fairly quick. They got me in and out. All in all a great visit.	4
8809	"The best thing about this visit was there were napkins and water....so I could wipe down a table before eating. It wasn                           t that busy and the food took a while to get, order was wrong and the staff had an I don "	2
8810	Food is ok just to much McDonald's for me	3
8811	"I love the dollar menu. Spicy McChickens all the way. I can get 6 of them for the price of one Big Mac. Not that I do that, that's too much. I usually get two and some sauces to add to them. Tastes great and fills me up."	5
8812	Staff are jerks and are inconsiderate don't ever have the lobby open then gets mad when people that don't have a car go up to drive through	2
8813	This place is not 24hrs at all. They need to fix it. Been there a few times late or early and they signs saying use the ap but no one is in building and ap does not place order.	1
8814	Waited in line fire 20 minutes and then they told us it was closed. Terrible customer service with the worst night I                           v	1
8815	"This is the worst McDonald's in the state and the worst one I ever visited in my life, avoid it. I revisit this location occasionally for the past 5 years due to it's convenient location, thinking it had to improve. I am disappointed every time.

The staff here is extremely rude. The food is poor quality. Drive though time is long. Don't know how this store passes McDonald's standards."	1
8816	ice cream machine is always                            broken                           . literally always. w	1
8817	"Bad service. No one knows the menu. Says open 24hrs,but drive thru opens at 4am.  Dine in not open either."	1
8818	"I've disliked McDonald's for a long time now, they're always missing something of ours, ice cream machine is always down, their employees seem like they don't even know what to do. I waited for this lady to take my money for 5 minutes and all she did was look at me and took the drive thru orders. So I just pulled up to the other window to pay and it took another 4-5 minutes to friggin pay. Never again going to ANY McDonald's, ever."	1
8819	"At this location, you can only use the order kiosks, not customer friendly. The employees will not take your order at the counter. I'm assuming due to the shady area this McDonald's is in? They didn't mess up my order at least."	3
8820	"This place is a god damn joke.  My girlfriend and I went for egg mcmuffins at 8:00pm on a saturday night, and it took over 20 minutes to get our order.  The food quality was horrendous, and no apology was given for the long wait.  AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS.  Seriously, I don't expect gourmet food from Mcdonalds, but this was truly disgusting.  One english muffin was so hard my girlfriend nearly broke a tooth on it  My egg mcmuffin hadn't even been toasted.  The staff was unfriendly and unapologetic.  What a joke, we are greatly disappointed in this location."	1
8821	"This location is always very busy. They are Fairly quick at serving people, but the lines are very long especially in the drive through. Staff never seems very friendly, maybe bc they see so many ppl?"	4
8822	"Grossest McDonald's I have ever been to. Dirty floors, like deep dirt gum looking black marks. But the worst part was the fly infestation! Flies all over the food prep area and the tables. Trying not to hurl while flies are landing on my head."	1
8823	They had one lane closed which is fine but the lane they had opened made everyone end up lining up in the street.	2
8824	I got a quarter pounder with cheese no one is extra pickles and it was perfect. The fries were a little bit chilled and my son it was fine.	4
8825	"Super dirty McDonald's. Stopped to use washroom and the employee in the washroom was getting changed, hands all over stuff in there and just walked out without washing his hands. The same employee then walked out from behind the counter later and kicked some trash on the floor, didn't even react to it or bother to clean it up. Soda/Pop syrup dried all over the drink station with lids and straws in absolute disarray. Management here must be awful to allow this kind of behavior and terrible level of cleanliness."	1
8826	Slow service and challenging communication	3
8827	"Most people are very nice, but the guy taking the money...what a grump!"	2
8828	"I just watched a vagrant peeing in a cup while eating my breakfast. He then dumped his piss cup out on the sidewalk. For God's sake ppl stop handing out money to hobos it just makes the issue worse. He wasn't even handicapped, yet he sat in a wheelchair. I watched him for an hour. When he didn't get any money from passing customers he stood up and walked away with his ""Help Please"" sign. This McDonalds is filled woth hobos often and I won't be back."	1
8829	Got a dozen hot chocolates to go to take to the homeless youth center and they packaged them so they were so easy to carry. The youth appreciated them. Thanks!	5
8830	"Need to learn to give out ice in the drinks. Visited twice, both time barely any ice!! Male server at window gave me grief when I asked for some!"	3
8831	"Terrible drive thru. Super long wait, even at an odd time of day. Cold food, less than great service, and they handed me my drink half full, flat, and with the ice already melted."	1
8832	"This is a good location with easy access off 5th south.  I like the new renovation which add 2 drive through lanes for faster service.

Overall a solid, typical McDonald's experience."	3
8833	"Honestly have never had a worse experience at a McDonald's. The order confirmation screen is broken, and the person taking orders apparently has not received training on reading back the order for accuracy. Three out of three times I have been to this location they have messed up something major on the order. The most recent time I got some serious attitude from the person taking orders. Spend a few extra minutes to another location or go to Burger King."	1
8834	Customer service is less than impressive. Food quality was average. Longer than normal wait for basic food order.	2
8835	"Turned away because I don                           t drive. These are unprecedented times; the lobby is closed and I am not allowed to order inside, also told I am not allowed to order through the      "	1
8836	"""Fast"" does not seem to be part of their vocabulary. I don't know if they changed management or what but they screw up orders, drive thru is slow & most of their employees are rude. It wasn't like this in the past."	2
8837	"Too anal about parking. Parked there because had to stops, McDonald's then the liquor store. Went to the liquor store first because didnt want our food to get cold waiting at the liquor store that was packed. Came back to drop off the bottle to go I to McDonald's and they booted my vehicle. Wasn't even parked there 5 minutes. ExplaiNed to the guy that I was going I to McDonald's as well,  he didn't care. He said I should have gone in McDonald's first. Umm then I still would have gotten the boot foe leaving my vehicle there.  No win situation. Well he took my last $25 that was my grandkids dinner money to unboot it. Can't return the liquor and couldn't buy them their dinner either. Thanks McDonald's parking enforcement. Real winners!"	1
8838	"It's a McDonald's, what do you really expect? The location is pretty sketchy as downtown SLC is full of homeless people, many of whom use illegal drugs. But it looks clean enough, the fries are fresh, and the employees at the drive thu don't seem to completely despise their jobs.
Cheers    "	3
8839	This store was ok the employees could have been a lit nicer and at least act like they was some what thankful they had a job and the food showed how the employees where acting witch was ok but now good	4
8840	Don't really like the area a lot of people ring at you while trying to get food because there waiting for work because they can't work legally in this state so they chill out at this McDonalds and home depot department store to try and find work every single day and it makes it a little uncomfortable. Cause they just e at you anyone in the line at McDonald's.	3
8841	"I awoke one morning from a dream. Wiping the sweat from my brow, I tried to recall the details. ""Table service at MacDonald's"" I heard my self say aloud. I picked up my phone to find my dream a reality: MacDonald's had implemented technology allowing them to bring my order to me at the table. I could order on the kiosk, take a locator, and lo and behold, my order would appear before my very eyes. It was as if God himself had given me a glimpse of creation.

I sprung from my abode and ran on all fours to MacDonald's as quickly as possible, as if reality itself would evaporate before I got there. I arrived, breath short and mouth whet,   and began the final steps of my journey. My finger met the kiosk screen like lovers separated by the ocean reuniting.

I got my usual, a cheeseburger with no bun or patty, and sat patiently, gripping my locator  like the staff of Moses. The number seven sat abreast my locator -- the day God rested. ""I too would rest,"" I exclaimed aloud, ""when my journey meets it's end, as my food meets my table.""

But in the next instant, I was met with a fate worse than Gob's a thousand fold -- they called out my order from the counter and didn't bring it out to me.

My faith was shattered that day. Never again shall the thought of joy haunt my mind. Never again shall true happiness be known."	1
8842	"This ""cash orders only"" stuff is getting old. get better systems. No other fast food restaurant has to do this so there's no reason you should."	1
8843	I couldn't place an order with a person at this location so we walked out and went somewhere else and ate. The employees here needs to take a customer order instead of tell a person that they need to place an order at their self service machine. We will not be coming back to this location	1
8844	the worst place to go. that when the order was for my children and the answer was for me to leave because they were not going to attend to me	1
8845	"Fries tasted stale, one of the ordered 10 piece nugget only had 9, they forgot Any of the two flavored sauces requested (2 of the 10 piece nuggets were in the order). Just not a great day to go to McD's I guess..."	2
8846	"work here... Most dont know but we have a new store manager and I hope this manager keeps everything more organized. What most people don't know is that the other manager never put the effort needed for the store, therefore most slacked off... I've worked here about 3 to 4 months and like it so far, but some managers aren't the nicest... me, I've been working for Mc'Donalds for about a year, I come in everyday with a smile on my face no matter how bad my day is. I read these reports and think "" these bad employees/managers make not only themselves look bad but me too! I will continue to have great customer service, most people get mad we take too long... the Damn store has broken appliences every week... yeah they should replace it, but won't, just keep repairing it till its done... anyways point being, very disappointing knowing we still get a bad review when I try hard to make everyone happy. Thank All y'all -Javier Elizondo"	5
8847	"Ordered ahead on the app and I could tell the staff was crazy busy but when they brought my order out the guy smiled, apologized for the wait and was great about the whole situation.  Thanks!"	5
8848	"If you want to wait 45 minutes in the drive thru line, this is the place for you. I'd have left but by the time I realized how long it would take I was boxed in by cars"	1
8849	Every time I come to the store there is a problem                            Drive-through constantly messes up orders the staff are extremely rude and they don't know how to even do their jobs I'm surprised some of them can even get job here...don't go to the store because your order will be messed up and	1
8850	Friendly staff and nice atmosphere.  Nice garden out front	4
8851	"Pretty awful. No human interaction, kiosks not super intuitive, paying cash... waited 10( a while, maybe not 10)minutes at a register to pay cash. Will go to Wendy's instead. Dirty tables and a homeless looking person helping customers on the self serve kiosks"	1
8852	Consistently the worst McDonald's I've ever been too. I quit going here. Even late at night they make you wait forever in the drive thru. You're better off going to the Wendy on the other side of the block	1
8853	Hey it's McDonald's what can you say LOL we already know we're not paying for service they've even lowered their standards and don't even care the manager there is this guy named Rodger he thinks he's super funny he's always making jokes when you roll up to the window problem is his jokes are rude he means well but half of the time he scares my kids. But hey you want the cheapest cheeseburger on the block they got it.	3
8854	"Probably the slowest employees in McDonalds history. This definitely is NOT ""Fast Food"",  the lobby is always dirty and seems to be filled with drug addicts (in part just due to the area). Dont bring your kids here for a Happy Meal."	1
8855	"Had a crispy chicken sandwich and it had been sitting under the lamp so long that it wasn't very crispy!! McDonald's has really changed in the past year, wasn't very happy!!"	2
8856	"This is a mediocre McDonald                           s. The line is always stopped, and they have gotten my order wrong more than once. If it wasn                  "	3
8857	"I usually get the big Mac and or cheese burger for my meal. Instead I was hungry today and got the quarter pounder with cheese and was grossly disappointed. No pickles or onions, just cheese, a hamburger patti, and ozing grease. Worse burger I've ever had and I will never have another"	1
8858	Showed up went inside was waiting for friend to get off phone with his father in hospital to see what he wanted to eat. Security decides I'm just a nuisance. Time taken to occur 4 minutes 35econds	1
8859	"Is this Mcdonalds or some strange car booting  entity governed by sketchy  people?   Very strange booting  practices.  They film you leaving your car, yet say nothing. The sign is too high and barely visible. They basically  boot your car for not going straight to  McDonald's .

I left to get a wine then grab something from Mcdonalds as well since i was hungry. However, on my way to  liquor store an old man told me to go back grab my car since it will be booted. It already had been booteed ONLY 3-4 mins later when i ran back.

They wouldn't take it off so i kept complaining. Hey said  i should eaither pay $75  now, or $250 after it's towed .

This is a disgusting practice in a first world country."	1
8860	"I got delivery and it was weird, he didn't follow directions. But that's not McDonald's fault. The food was great! :)"	5
8861	A racist appalling and unacceptable behavior by the security and employees occurred today at this McDonalds. My friend suffered a racist attack by some other white customer who asked the security to have them take my friend who is Hispanic out of the restaurant simply because of the white customers request. This is shocking and disturbing behavior and needs to be remedied and addressed immediately. This restaurant will suffer lawsuits very soon.	1
8862	Loud and crowded.  Table was uneven and whobbley.  Horrible place for a date weekend evening.  Server kept coming and asking if we were ready to order every couple minutes.  Felt rushed.	1
8863	"If you wanna wait 15 minutes in the drive thru line to be told cash only.... literally happens every time. Have never had a quick, positive experience here and I live down the street. Go to another location and don't waste your time. Such. A. Joke."	1
8864	"I went inside bought my food, was harrased to use the bathroom , went outside ted eating my breakfast and was told i had to keave because i had been there 30 min. I was in the middle of eating an egg mcmuffin and got kicked off the property. Wont be back! Who does that to their patrons? Naxis?"	1
8865	It was terrible first off they overcharged Me by like $12 do not say sorry or apologize One Time and then I get home I don't have my fries and my meal and my burger has onions on it I'm allergic to onions so I can't even eat it I call and complain ask for new burger do you think they can make it right nope I don't recommend it to anybody not even my worst enemy	1
8866	"Hours are wring and they were closed when I went. Usually they're alright, bit not the best McDonald's."	2
8867	"Restriction are high, rough place of salt lake city, still makes McDonald's quality food."	3
8868	The 15 minute wait time in the drive thru is no joke! Management does not care. At least the Homeless dude made some $$ panhandling from all of the waiting cars! Avoid the gridlock!	1
8869	"Sorry McDonald's. I don't like McDonald's I I never have. I don't like the added chemicals.
But
Everything else was outstanding all the way down to  I would come again, but"	3
8870	So bad customers service  ...... we were here for a business trip ... we don't want to order on the machine so we ask the guy to help us and he refuse to do so.... So bad that I'll no come back again... I it was kind a cold I hope not cold heart .	1
8871	The security officer made me very uncomfortable. He red and red. My mom only got a sweet tea.	2
8872	"I was thinking oh just micky d's sound ok maybe ill get a mocha frapee, went inside instead of drivethrew... Anyway was blown away to see everyone ordering themselves from a touch screen.... They had four stations and were very easy to use was also very satisfied with this particular locations quality"	4
8873	"This Mcdonalds needs new management. Every time I have been there the manager not the employees screw something up on my order. The managers are very rude and dont have a problem using swear words to try and get their point accross. Just from what I have seen that store would be better off with no managers than the ones they have now, they might even show a profit. I have stopped going to this Mcdondalds and will never go back even though they are only blocks for my work."	1
8874	"Good location, fast service, fresh fries...good job guys"	5
8875	Bad communication when ordering through the drive-thru. When I recommend this place if customer service is important to you.	1
8876	Great customer service. Even with it being lunch hour downtown. Worker's were cordial and efficient at getting the job done. Literally were in and out.	4
8877	This is a fast one and they haven        	5
8878	"Its pretty good for a Mcdonalds. Most of them won't serve me cookies when it gets late but this one never fails.
5 for cookies because those are some good cookies"	5
8879	"Average food, except they don't fill the fry containers all the way. The large is a medium at best. The bathrooms are horrible.  Someone had taken a dump in the corner and there it laid. Yuk."	1
8880	"Stupid slow location, wasting lots of time ever time you go there. Needs a good manager"	1
8881	I Really Like Their Sausage Egg N Cheese McGriddle Breakfast Sandwiches!! YUMMY!	4
8882	Food was cold and tasteless.  Burger wasn't even warm enough to melt the thin layer of cheese.	2
8883	The cashier doesn't know too much about 'Mobile Order' system causing a lot of time waisted. Everything else is ok. Except that some customers were frustrated about the new self-ordering displays in the store. Apparently not for all.	2
8884	This mcdonalds is a heinous cancer on society. They will boot your car if you are there longer than thirty minutes or they assume that you did not eat there. there was a guy hanging out accros the street filming people parking. He had us on camera going into the mcdonalds we had a receipt and he still put a boot on our car. After arguing with him and going over footage and receipts he finally admitted his mistake. What an atrocious piece of garbage company. This experience is the last straw for a sub par fast food restaurant. I'm done with mcdonalds there's plenty of other sub par restaurant that don't boot paying customers cars.	1
8885	Put. Straws. In. The. Bag. Maybe retrain your staff. It       	1
8886	"I would give a zero if I could. I rarely if ever take time to give a bad review, but I ordered 60 pieces of nuggets and then they gave me 20. Then when I tried to call, the phone wouldn't work. Finally when I walked back they acted like it was my fault because I ""forgot"" the other bag that they didn't bring out when the called my order. Terrible place."	1
8887	"Had to wait for RESTROOMS. When I got in the men's room was clean, well stocked with soap and TP. The rest of the restaurant was clean and the staff was good to me."	5
8888	I like McDonald's cuz it's quick and it's easy for me and I always get my orders right and they're very fast food is not bad it's pretty good sincerely wrapping me Daniel Robert McDaniel.	5
8889	Makes good chocolate chip frappes and orders are usually correct. Sometimes the people that take your order through the mic in the drive through are uncaring and depressing and sometimes they are friendly	4
8890	"Always seems to be a problem when we go at night after hours like between 12a -4a. Be it a system failure,  stock depletion,  etc.  Also the employees are hardly ever happy or cordial in doing their job"	1
8891	"Crazy fast, very efficient, and food was actually somehow fresher than most McDonald's locations."	5
8892	"Don't seem to know how to read special orders, especially when it comes to food allergies"	1
8893	"Manager is rude. Repeats order 3 times, different everytime. Gets it wrong then blames us and tells us to go back in line if we want to order more.  Also, shake machine never works. Likely they don't have one."	1
8894	Horrible service horrible food why is it that no matter where you go these days it gets worse McDonald's is food that's all you have to do and they can't even do that right frappe machine is constantly down they say because of cleaning I doubt they even clean the thing they just don't want to do it. Wake up your fast food you don't want to do the job go somewhere else and be lazy	1
8895	I was raised up on the west side my hole life and this is my home                                      I have never left my phone updates so I can visit the store to get anelised my i	5
8896	Food is edible when they get my order right. 95% of the time my order is not right. But don't get me wrong.i like the food that's why i go back even tho they get my order wrong.	4
8897	"My wife and I wanted some soda at nearly midnight. McDonald's was open, the soda was cheap, and the person (who had maybe a Thai accent) was nice despite the lateness of the hour."	4
8898	Store was clean and meat in appearance. The new order kiosks are a hit and miss and can be confusing as many people did not know how to work them. McDonald's should ditch the kiosk and go back to the face to face service they had for years. Food was ok for McDonalds	3
8899	It                           s sad when someone hates their job so bad that they can          	1
8900	"Absolutely horrific. For a McDonalds (which I normally don't mind when the craving hits) this location consistently has extremely long waits and bad food. I will always drive to a location farther away, even for a simple double cheeseburger or spicy chicken."	1
8901	Order french fries no salt got the limpest french fries in the world cold and then I got the spicy McChicken the chicken patties had been sitting there for at least an hour to an hour and a half there so dried out and not even hot temperature wise how does McDonald's keep going when they don't care about their food or their customers anymore	1
8902	"This place is hit or miss...the food is usually good, but the employees aren't very friendly. Must be because they're so busy, so often."	3
8903	"I'd rate it four s like I did with In-N-Out. For the price, the food is good and I'm definitely grateful that McDonald's exists."	4
8904	If any McDonald's could get an order right I would be shocked my blood pressure rises Everytime we get a kids meal for my kids any McDonald's you walk in to is a shot show once I ordered a spicy chicken and I received a bun with lettuce and mayo No chicken the other I got my son a 6 piece nugget kids meal they rang up a 4 piece nugget then charged me $1.50 for two extra nuggets then only put 3 nuggets in the meal i hate everything about McDonald's the service the lack of knowledge or common sense to freaking puti a piece of chicken on a bun or not being able to count it's really sad	1
8905	"Food is more expensive here than all the other McDonald                           s, especially dollar menu items like McDouble etc. for example a 4 piece nugget is 2.20 when it    "	1
8906	"They refuse to take inside orders, & will tell you to use the Keyosk , & that that's the way it is now,& there's no baby changing station in the men's rest room's,.& They don't have dollar drink's, this place is rude & I think it stinks,.   "	1
8907	"It's McDonald's, what do you expect?"	2
8908	Mc Donalds today in America cater for the drive in customer. Not the walk in person.	3
8909	This is a decent McDonald                           s it was recently remodeled so it                           s clean and everything is new it does tend to attract a transient population because i	3
8910	Call the store for simple questions and management hung up on me                           	1
8911	I was the last in drive thru and they literally closed the store in my face. This place is a disgrace	1
8912	Always good and this location is open for drive through 24/7. We ordered a 2 cheese burger meal and a fish sand meal. It was very good.	4
8913	"This particular McDonald's had a hobo chilling in there. He asked for a sandwich and I got him a sausage McMuffin. Then this punk decides that's not enough and steals my buddy's order. How messed up is that? Like I get you're hungry, but so was my friend."	4
8914	"The McDonald's app is a great find, you can usually always get a discount or a free item. I feel like the value is fair and overall the food is fresh."	3
8915	"Not to sure if my burgers were just removed from the heat chute or what, but my McDouble no pickle tasted like they had pickle and when I took the top off I saw the pickle imprint it makes after you leave it there for a minute and remove them... disappointed   "	1
8916	Great place to get some food. Really long line but they did their best to catch up on orders.	5
8917	"The McDonalds is fine, they got our large order correct and everything tasted fine, just in kind of a sketchy neighborhood. Look out for creepy dudes talking to themselves, they might punch your car."	4
8918	"This place is a hot mess! Very unorganized staff, poor management. multiple orders wrong, wait time is insane for a fast food joint."	1
8919	This McDonald's is the best in the world. Super clean friendly service and tasty food makes this place a great place to take your family.	5
8920	Pretty much same experience that u will find at all other McDonald's food is fast staff is compliant bathrooms can be hit or miss good thing is breakfast is served all day now and large drinks are still one dollar	4
8921	We came to McDonald's to get 2 mcmuffins and it's been 1 hour and we havent got our order there were only 5 people in the line and we were done with it I don't recomend to go to the drive thru!	1
8922	"Purchased a soda at this McDonalds and walked next door for LITERALLY 5 minutes, came back and had a boot on my car! Apparently, CUSTOMER or NOT if you step off the property the owner of this McDonalds has an agreement with a private company to boot your car! I wont even get ted on the ample supply of bums sitting around the property. THIS IS THE WORST SCAM I HAVE EVER HAD DONE ON ME. This McDonalds probably makes a profit off the tickets they spend the day issuing its customers. I will never again visit a downtown McDonalds!!!"	1
8923	"Came in and asked for a cup of coffee with milk...a seemingly basic order, that I've had no problem getting at any other Golden Arches in the good 'ol USA. Was told that I could not have milk, only cream. Now isn't this the company that is spending millions to shed its ""supersize me"" obsesity image?  Come now.  Oh, and, for what it's worth, milk is actually cheaper than cream  (well, cow's milk, anyway...not sure about camel milk or elephant milk.)"	1
8924	"I've been there 5 times and still have yet to get exactly what I ordered. No one speaks English!

2021 update: it still sucks"	1
8925	Super fast. Guy who took order was a professional. I                           m at McDonald           	5
8926	"They had those cool self order things. They weren't super responsive though and it was kind of annoying. Everything else was good, or at least normal for McDonald's."	4
8927	I had the wosrt experience at his place really bad costumer service I think the employees need more motivation manager so rude I ask   to place my order and she aswer don't you see the order computer there I was I'm sorry I'm visiting for the first time this place !!! Her answer was I'm busy right now!!! Don't recommend this place sorry !!!	1
8928	"Tried to get a Happy Meal, today after the Marvel Show at the arena. The cashier lady was high, as in intoxicated, unbelievable.
Bringing up a report to the City."	1
8929	Drive thru didn't put napkins and sauce that I requested.	3
8930	Horrible service. They got our order wrong and when we went back to rectify it they basically told us that we were wrong and to take a hike. Don't go there.	1
8931	"Order via the app, it is the best! There are all kinds of specials every day. This McDonalds was nice and speedy."	5
8932	Frys weren't hot had to ask for fresh frys and my mom didn't get big Mac sauce	3
8933	Disappointed again. The gas station across the street will actually give you what you order and charge you only once for it.	1
8934	Very rude pour food quality staff very not concerned with customers management does not have a clue of any policy most of tables were very dirty overall very dingy and not comfortable. Also 30 minutes signs stating you must consume your food and leave within 30 minutes from the lobby very rude very poor reflection of McDonald's!!!!!!!	1
8935	It's been remodeled.it is nice and clean. I just would like more if they offered one free refill on a large coffee.	3
8936	Garbage service wouldn't serve any of there menu cause of short staff on a Friday night horrible	1
8937	They messed up my order and the apple pie was dry and had some plastic stuck to the bottom of it	1
8938	"The service was aweful, the food was bad, the basic hygiene procedures were not being respected (the cashier went from touching money to pick up fries barehanded without washing her hands), and I've been sitting on my toilet for the last 15 minutes slowly dying"	1
8939	I sat in the drive thru for 20 minutes just now because the manager on shift at the window was on their phone the whole time while they were severely understaffed.	2
8940	"Short line inside but we all had to wait 20 minutes after ordering for a small order. It seemed like they just kept serving car after car, but made all the people inside wait."	1
8941	Lots of homeless people in the parking lot. It's always busy and has lines inside and in the drive through. Good hot food even if they're a little slow!	3
8942	Very quick service at a busy time of day	4
8943	This place was really fast for going in later at night. The food was awesome and they got the order correct.	5
8944	One of the best Mcdonald                           s I                        	5
8945	"Slow location, but fries were excellent"	4
8946	The lobby guy is friendly but coughing by people who are eating. Staff were not friendly about no longer being able to take verbal orders and only using the kiosk.	2
8947	"Thanks for the free order of French fries. Remember to get the $1.00 any size of French fries. If you have to wait till they are ready you can ask for a free desert, or. Free drink.   "	5
8948	Earlier today a lady working there called my sister-in-law a bit**.	1
8949	"Was just trying to place my order in the drive through, couldn't finish ordering due to the lady closing my order prematurely."	1
8950	Worst drive-thru ever I'd give it a half a  if I could. nobody's moving in there with any kind of emergency I don't think the McDonald's corporation intended for this to be a fast food restaurant the moves so slow..	1
8951	The customer service is a lot better then the McDonald's off of 3300s.	4
8952	We we're waiting for 20 minutes to order and she told us and the person in front to order in the machines they have inside..when she was counting money and her manager told her to stop and she still toke her time	1
8953	Super quick super clean super friendly staff love this restaurant the children's area is always clean great prices great location in don't have one negative thing to say about this McDonald's	5
8954	Ordered 2ausage McMuffins and a large drink. McMuffins were cooked good and not burnt on the edges. Not bad	4
8955	Slow. Rude.	1
8956	Went here employee outside say I am the only worker and we don't have much  wouldn't help us	1
8957	"2 drive up lanes with really fast service. Easy access to the drive up. Close to the freeway entrance, liquor store and bucks. What more do you need??"	5
8958	"The manager was really rude from the t and we ed arguing with her because the ""ice cream machine wasnt working"" but they were filling it up right in front of our faces and people were walkin out with ice cream overall they were just very rude"	1
8959	Worst drive thru experience no exaggerations from the minute we pulled up to when we got out food 20-30min. On a Sunday around 12am.	1
8960	Always have a pleasant experience at this McDonals                           s drive thr	5
8961	"Busy Saturday morning and we were helped quickly. Our order was out quick, hot, and accurate. Great place."	5
8962	I came at 11:50 in and the drive throw workr was yelling  it was Veronica and Gabe working at the drive throw	1
8963	Very rude staff.  Forgot 5 items of my food. Contact their phone to express my issue.  Never got a response.    Extremely rude drive through person.	2
8964	I was eating here and the parking enforcement booted my car while I was eating. I produced a receipt but the man who booted my car accused me of leaving the premises so eating at this mcdonalds cost 75.00$. Dont ever go here!	1
8965	Very disappointed was in line for twenty minutes. My burger was barely warm the fries were Luke warm and no salt.  I will never be back to this McDonald's	1
8966	Though there may be a wait at times the staff here are friendly and take that extra moment to make sure everything is made right. I can tell that it's a very stressful job so I respect those willing to make my food for me when I don't want to do it myself.	5
8967	Really nice very complex but simple ways to order friendly ppl  great place to eat I think it's the best with the new technology 5 * all the way	5
8968	"Back, for more! Ba, Da,Ba...Da, Da-I'm lovin' it! So should you!"	5
8969	I don't hold high expectations McDonalds but this was the worst one I've been to. Wasted over 10 minutes in line receiving no help and left with no food.	1
8970	Can only order in the restaurant and take out M-F 11A to 2PM. Drive they is open normal hours.	3
8971	Great service and clean establishment. Fountain soda machine didn't work properly during my visit and got just syrup.	4
8972	"This is probably the worst run location I have ever been to. Every time I come in here (which is at least a couple times a month because I work around here) there is a huge line, people begging for money, fighting, employees being rude to each other and their customers. It's not an enjoyable experience."	1
8973	Best McDonald's I've had in a long time.	5
8974	"Forgot half our order, when my husband asked the manager to give us the rest of our food she completely ignored him twice. We're not going back ever obviously."	1
8975	Everyone was rude except for the manager that helped me at the end (I think he was the manager) how hard is it to get a iced coffee and ice cream in a cup ?	2
8976	Took almost an half hour to get a sausage biscuit. I haven't been to Mc Donald's in years and now I remember why. Thanks for serving a billion crappy meals.	1
8977	"the boy who takes the orders does not know what he is doing I was missing things in my order, but they charged me.l'll never go there again."	1
8978	Argue with the manager about how their ice cream machine wasn                           t working as I watch them serve someone else ice cream. The MANAGER gav	1
8979	Food was gross and everything was cold. People at drive through were rude. I suggest to go to Crown Burger on N 300W. Food is great and service is friendly.	1
8980	"Right in the heart of Salt Lake City, so it's super busy, but it still goes at a good speed."	5
8981	I ordered some food and stuff and I asked for water and they still try to charge me a dollar for the water unacceptable I have gotten free water from other McDonald's before I'm purchasing food unacceptable	1
8982	"Super busy, but moved everybody through the line like a boss, food was good and hot."	5
8983	"Iced coffee was watered down, & the idiots did not include syrup with my hotcakes!!!?? Not to mention food was cold and rubbery. $15 breakfast from hell"	1
8984	"They provide me burgers at 5am for those early mornings, and 2am for those late nights. The employees are nice."	5
8985	Food was good fast and friendly random stranger cleaned parking lot with bag I have him community lending a helping hand	3
8986	"Very poor service...sometimes they don't have things, they can't get special orders right, staff is rude...all-around bad experience"	1
8987	Very slow service usually not worth my time trying to stand in line with what I have seen	1
8988	They missed half my order and I tried giving them a call but they sent me straight to voicemail or would answer and just leave the phone there this is by far the worst food chain I have ever been to and pretty much just stole my Money	1
8989	"Not a 24-hour location. If you're not running a 24-hour business, then make you advertise your open and close times accurately."	1
8990	The service is fast and what you'd expect from McDonalds.  The only frustration is the traffic at this intersection.  It can be tricky to get in and out of depending on the direction you're traveling.	3
8991	Customer service was in okay I wish I spoke a little Spanish it would have been better if you know what I'm saying	4
8992	Stay away from this place!!	1
8993	The employees were very rude and very unpleasant. Need better people skills. And better staff	2
8994	No customer service skills. Every time ive been there they have been rude for no good reason.	1
8995	Always fast no matter what location.  The food is always consistent.  The classic taste of McDonalds never gets old to me!	5
8996	There Pumpkin Pie                         	5
8997	"They always overcook the nuggets and now the tenders, horrible!!!"	1
8998	"The only Mc that close s at 6pm and go,s to driveway only!"	2
8999	Covid is over can we please open the restaurant up?!	3
9000	Their free WiFi unfortunately does not work properly at this location at this time. That should probably be maintained pretty soon.	2
9001	The only draw back was that their dine in closes at 8pm	5
9002	They should probably update their signs so that we know the times they're actually open.	1
9003	Really strange because of giant touch screen ordering stations. There's a guy that directs you to them. The stations are slow to respond to touch and generally slow to use. Just hire some darn cashiers...	3
9004	Homeless people will ask for money in the parking lot. The restroom has always had a dirty homeless guy washing himself or in the toilet stall  EVERYTIME that I have used it.	2
9005	They charge me for umsweet  ice coffee even I never have coffee in whole life also they charge me twice from my card because I handover my card to cashier	1
9006	Super quick and correct even with modifications.	4
9007	Why do I eat here? Love the security guard. Imagine Biggie Smalls shouting Have you finished your meal sir? You can leave now!	3
9008	Its clean	5
9009	Why did you give me all the wrong orders?	2
9010	There ice cream machine was working atc1:30 in the morning!!	5
9011	Place is always steady but they get orders out and have good customer service skills	3
9012	Food is usually pretty fresh at this location. Make sure to check your order when you use drive thru	4
9013	They should probably prepare for the midnight and after rush that they seem to get EVERY night.  It can't be a surprise.  5 minutes waiting just to order!	1
9014	Honestly worst McDonald                           s drive thru in salt lake. Whether it                   	1
9015	"Ghetto, dirty, one employee in particular was extremely rude and clearly didn't want to be there.
The food came out quickly so there's that."	2
9016	The Security gaurd was rude and dismissive and for the second time now the man at the pick up window completley ignored us even though OUR food was ready and gave ( tried to give us the wrong order.)	1
9017	"The people was nice, but they charged me $ 1.09 for a cup of ice on a 100 degree day"	2
9018	The McDonald's employee straight up lied toy face when I ordered something and asked them to make an order special to accommodate my needs.  McDonald's needs to reevaluate customer service.	1
9019	The drive-through workers were extremely  helpful and verified my order at both windows.  I was impressed with that!	4
9020	Clean and the staff was awesome. Food got to us quick... Note to customers the Restrooms lock	4
9021	Worst experience at a McDonald's restaurant. Dont waist your money at this location.  Recommend going somewhere else.	1
9022	The Big-Mac is better than ever.  And the Junior Mac is great. You gotta love it.  Food is consistent at the 90th South location.	5
9023	They've made some improvements.  The help is friendly.  You still have to keep an eye on your vehicle though.	4
9024	they skip me 2 times and they took for ever  to give me my food to the point they forgot what i order well not be going to that one ever again	1
9025	"Worst service, employees are rude and disrespectful don               "	1
9026	Single meat pattie on both double quarter pounders that I ordered...no time to go back...pretty disappointing.	3
9027	This McDonald's is the best one in the area. It is always pretty clean and always good service. They can be quite busy sometimes though.	4
9028	Long wait and often they are only doing cash have waited in line for ten minutes to find out they are only doing cash a few times. Last few times I stopped it was better.	2
9029	"I was about to walk in but every door was locked, I called and they hung up on me"	1
9030	Bad customer service. Manager flipped me off because i didn't know the menu	1
9031	It's still just McDonald's.	2
9032	Very fast service; and some workers are very friendly!... Sometimes Filipinos don't care about the customer service side.	5
9033	Always mess up the orders inside and drive up. You always have to repeat your order 2-3 times. Awful!!!	2
9034	"Only stopped for a friend, but the fries were hot and fresh... and very delicious! We were hung over, it's still micky dees"	3
9035	"It's McDonalds, not much else to it. There are a lot of homeless that hang around this location though, so I'd recommend the drive through. I was solicited for money inside the restaurant."	3
9036	"Service was kinda fast, employees seem to have attitudes tho. Bathrooms were clean too."	4
9037	Lobby closed on Sunday.  Only open Mon-Sat 9-2.	1
9038	"The food is always on point, but you can never predict if the service will be fast or extremely slow, especially in the drive through."	3
9039	Food always tastes like it's sat under a warmer for 3hrs	1
9040	Good service.  Tried the new fresh meat quarter pounder. Can't tell any difference from old one.	3
9041	Terrible service and the person working the drive through had issues understanding my order due to a language barrier.	1
9042	My last visit there was disdisgusting I went to the bathroom one of the stalls there was crap everywhere in it on the toilet seat and then I went to the other one and there was blood on the walls I'm never gonna to back and the customer service was not that great	1
9043	Typical of corporate America to say give us money in return will give you processed food and a clown to help you wash it down.	2
9044	"I was told by manager, no free refills for coffee here and only decaf coffee for Senior Coffee price. Been to McDonald's all over country. Never been told this before!!!"	3
9045	"Generally pretty fast, but panhandlers will often try to approach you while you are in or near the drive-thru, which is extremely unsafe."	1
9046	It was so messy it made  my mom stressed	1
9047	"While the food was fine and fast, the place was a mess. Not like normal fast food, which is usually a little dirty. It was incredibly dirty."	2
9048	I enjoy their pancake breakfast. It's McDonald's what more can a person say? You either like it or you don't.	4
9049	These guys were on fleek!!	5
9050	Employees are rude and don't like to get your order 100% right. Also doesn't like to read back the order.	3
9051	"Fast service, friendly staff, and my order was correct AND freshly cooked!         "	5
9052	"It was sub par, even for McDonalds. The bun was stale and hard, the ingredients didn               "	1
9053	"I don't know why do they have pick up option with phone number, because at night they keep it disabled making it difficult for people who place order online"	1
9054	Went to drive thru and they were closed.	1
9055	"Sorry, but McDonals you're sooo prone to messing up orders...      "	4
9056	Thee absolute worst service. If you feel like waiting an hour for anything I suggest going elsewhere. Place sucks.	1
9057	"Burgers were cold, fries were cold and limp and shakes were like water. TERRIBLE!"	1
9058	Their 2 for $20 and 3 for $10 deals are INCREDIBLE!!! That's all my family gets when we go.	5
9059	The crew here is very rude and disrespectful.  Every table  was dirty and after asking to get a rag I waited another 10 min ...	1
9060	Long lines. Took long time to get service.	4
9061	The can be long lines in the drive thru. I've been approached by panhandlers here despite the presence of security officers.	2
9062	Good place to eat have to use drive thru till one pm.	5
9063	It's okay it's not the best part of town a lot of homeless people and Drug dealers around I was just applying for a job if it's the day I'm thinking of it gets crowded a lot of Travelers it's clean you have to get permission to get into the bathrooms that sucks	3
9064	App wouldn't work...dinning room supposed to be open til 2 pm was closed before 130 pm	1
9065	"When the sign says 24 hours, it's not okay for the cashier to refuse to serve a customer. Will be talking to their general manager about this."	1
9066	they                 	4
9067	Morning better service night ppl suck rude	3
9068	It is fast food at it                           	5
9069	Typical McDonald's. The food was good and the service was friendly and fast.	5
9070	"Fast, never had a rude employee. Will keep coming!"	5
9071	20 piece McNuggets and mud sauce. And a large fry. Heaven. Three s because McDonald's. It would have to literally blow my mind to get more than three s.	3
9072	"Definitely better now than a few years ago, after a 15 year haitus, it is my preferred fast food"	5
9073	Sucks. Consistently makes hard/overcooked/dry food. Fries are never salted. Tea is whack asf	1
9074	Picture very dissatisfied with this location they do not value customer service I do not appreciate being forced to use a mechanical device to order my food I want to talk to human being when I order	1
9075	"Got my order quickly, still hot and they got everything right, just as I had ordered."	5
9076	People here are hostile and not safe... choose a different location please.	1
9077	"Made me pay $1.29 to use the restroom, won              "	1
9078	I was impressed with the self help menu machines. My order took only one minute.	4
9079	"Arrived 15 minutes before 4am, they were kind enough to let me order breakfast and wait at window"	5
9080	Warning!! Use drive-thru ONLY! There is a Predatory Towing Company (ABC Towing)  that WILL boot your car! And force you to pay CASH ONLY to have the boot removed.	1
9081	It was nice and clean with great service but the portion was kind of small	4
9082	Was treated like a number only. Food was ok but not the best hard around the edges my food was kind of thrown at me not a good experience	1
9083	I am so Embracing too the Quick Fix of the Sausage McMuffin as I love the flavor of the Sausage and the Toasted McMuffin one McDonalds has the Best Toasted McMuffin    	5
9084	"The so called manager was mean as hell they told us that the ice cream machine was broken but we literally watch them make the ice cream and we saw a guy walk away with four McFlurrys, and told us shes gonna call dispatch"	1
9085	I like the touch screen kiosk. Quick order and they bring you your meal. Clean bathroom as well.	5
9086	Food was good. There were alot of drunk homeless people make sure you get change for them..	3
9087	I love it	5
9088	add a maintenance person was very rude to me told me I was in his way and I Curtis Lee moved out of his way on purpose then you got a big guy coming up with no uniform or anything asking me if I got a problem it's not a good place	1
9089	because the sausage mcmuffin is reasonably priced and it confuses me when ask for one I always get the overpriced awful one	2
9090	Worst McDonald's I have ever been to.	1
9091	Terrible location to go to I waited for  25 minutes in the drive-through I told three different people what my order was and I still managed to get the wrong drink and a hair in my burger do not go here !!!	1
9092	Excellent customer service very polite employees good price very fresh and warm food	5
9093	Very good place. I love it	5
9094	Love it's open All hours	4
9095	Love the French fries. I also like the strawberry watermelon slush.	5
9096	they wouldn't let me order an ice cream cone and they were super rude about it!	1
9097	Opened on time at 6am. Quick service but dry bacon n large coffee not filled adequately	5
9098	It took forever and not fresh. Woman very mean to me	2
9099	Very slow drive thru. People are lazy on preparing orders and take forever.	2
9100	Got to the window to pay and the employee was just sitting on her phone. Honk 3 times nothing. So I yelled at the window and she finally looked at me   	1
9101	"Was not open very rude, couldnt even ask a question people just walked away"	1
9102	Worst experience I have ever had I waited over 45 minutes for a kid's meal and a sandwich that kitchen didn't know how to run the kitchen or how to place orders my order was wrong we had to keep correcting everyone was rude and ignored us all it was the worst experience I have ever had with McDonald's I would not suggest ever going to that McDonald's	1
9103	The Employees are really nice & patient. Peaceful enviornment & quiet with a relaxing atmosphere.	4
9104	Worst service I've ever received. Didn't understand the difference between a regular burger and a a grill burger. Meal was completely wrong.	1
9105	Lobby was closed but the drive thru was open. I tried  to order on foot but they wouldn't take my order.	3
9106	I love the apps and rewards	5
9107	Decent place to eat but I've seen better McDonald's elsewhere in the city. Needs to be updated.	3
9108	"Great customer service! It was above and beyond!
Delicious food! Good prices."	4
9109	Clean. This place has cleaned up. I used the screen to place my order. Easy and quick.	4
9110	Nothing. Always slow order is wrong and fries are cold. I've lived in this area for 12 years and the last year has been the worst ever!	1
9111	Excellent service...!!!	5
9112	Very pleased with the quality of the food and staff at this particular McDonald           	5
9113	gross food and service from manager . the only good thing is the guy who was cleaning the lobby  and the cashier.	1
9114	"McDonald's is always a place I can ""refuel "";  it's fast, clean and friendly employees.   I can  always good food."	5
9115	"The inside says ""please dont walk through our drive thru"" but the customer base says ""I'm going to anyways"""	3
9116	Probably the best McDonald                      	5
9117	Very unprofessional staff. Complained about receiving the wrong order they charge me extra to change it!	1
9118	"Old fries , wrong order...good sandwich even tho' it wasn't mine"	3
9119	"At night it is an incredibly long wait, but the staff has always been very nice"	4
9120	"Worst experience EVER!!!!!!!!! employees fighting in front of customers, waited with my family (hungry kids) for more than 25 minutes to get our food..please don't come to this place!!!!!!...."	1
9121	It was slow service n cold n old burger	3
9122	Slowest drive through I've ever been to. Waited for 30 minutes. SMH. Why did I waste my time?	1
9123	Food was hot n fresh. I was there for just a few minutes.	4
9124	Its a McDonald's.  The food is what you would expect. It's in a poorer side of town. At times some of the more interesting people come out to panhandle.	3
9125	The table wasn't clean and the took a long time to get my order complete and still I have to go and get my food.	3
9126	Never gets the order right!! Manager Olga dont know how to be a manager.	1
9127	Nice accurate and quick service. Thanks!	5
9128	"This worker kept watching this family and harassing them, you could see the visual discomfort as they tried to enjoy there food with there family."	1
9129	"Food was good, we had some difficulties with our order."	4
9130	"Good breakfast sandwich.. not friendly assistants, no happy face here so be sure and give them one of yours :-)"	3
9131	The brief interaction with the cashier was almost non existent. The large order of fries was more of a small order of fries.	2
9132	I mean I guess it's food that is etible but a trash barricade kept me from going inside so I had to use the drive thru	4
9133	Food was fresh. Person up front was personable. New updated remodel.	5
9134	"OK food, wonderful and friendly staff. Really great at there jobs."	5
9135	Standard Mickeys experience	3
9136	"I've been waiting in line for 32mins, still no help and I have about 100% chance of them not getting my order right. I hate them!"	1
9137	Drink machine did not work and order not correct	3
9138	"I asked for extra sauce, paid for that sauce but ended up with less than they normally provide.."	3
9139	"THE MANAGER JAMES McSPLOOGED ON MY McSPICY I CAME 3 TIMES TONIGHT THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE, SIR, I RESPECT YOU AND ADMIRE YOU THANKS AGAIN"	5
9140	Eh it                          	3
9141	"Terrible customer service. Don't plan on a friendly greeting and don't pay with cash, it will take forever to get help at the register."	1
9142	rolled up to the window and someone told me the power was out. 10 minutes of my life i'll never get back.	1
9143	Change the time if you        	1
9144	How do you mess up an egg mcmuffin? Extremely dry buns! I was checking for mold they were so dry.	2
9145	Mc Chicken Was Very Old Taste Like Cardboard. Not Very Happy...	1
9146	I love their soda machines. Haven't ever seen them anywhere else!	5
9147	"Very poor service, cashier was treating customers very poorly, was very forgetful and when reminding her she gave attitude, never coming here again"	1
9148	Their very fast my food was great	4
9149	"We all know this place, food has gotten much better though!"	3
9150	Food ok new chicken sandwich not so good dry	3
9151	They are so friendly here and my orders are always right!	5
9152	"I walked from the trax station. The employees thought, I am hobo. I am not hobo. I live in salt lake city."	1
9153	They're the most horrible wait time and the treat you like you are trash regardless	1
9154	"The staff was so rude, I asked to use the restroom and the lady working there was so awful about everything I was almost afraid to eat there let alone use the restroom...SYAY AWAY!!"	1
9155	Extremely slow service (usually 20+ minute wait for the drive through) and most of the time they get the order wrong.	1
9156	"I usually get decent service, but not always. Night crew is severely under staffed."	3
9157	Not the best neighborhood. Has a security guard inside. Service and food are always good.	5
9158	They always get my order wrong and make me pull around the front to wait for my food	1
9159	The employees are friendly and welcoming! The restaurant is very clean!	5
9160	If you ask me this is the best place to go if you're looking for a good fast food restaurant for breakfast.	5
9161	"Fast, friendly, always get nuggets they have the best honey mud sauce!"	3
9162	"It was McDonald's. ... what else can I say? Well, for an inner city McDonald's, it was as good as it can get. No problems or complaints."	5
9163	"They do what is expected. Inexpensive food delivered in a quick manner, so we can get where we need to be."	5
9164	Fast. Hot. Employees seem to all be wearing masks so that    	5
9165	Rude. Workers barely speak english. Went to manager about rudeness and she didn't care.  Won't eat there any more.	1
9166	Fish Filet all the way. Always has been my favorite. Stupidly good sandwich.	5
9167	This is just the worst possible food u can it. Service is ok tho.	1
9168	This location is your normal very quick and excellent service McDonald  	5
9169	Service was fast and prompt...people were friendly and very helpful.....	5
9170	They were very slow at the drive up. Their food was ok	4
9171	They booted my car.  Wouldn't takenit off without paying $80 cash only.  Shady place.  Beware - don't park or eat here.	1
9172	New hires taking order the night shifts are so sweet and well behaved. But McDonalds itself is NOT	1
9173	Does anyone work here??? We have to order ourselves I don                        	2
9174	Hot food was hot. Cold food cold. Tasted fresh good service	4
9175	Service is always good restaurant is always clean and it lives up to the family  restaurant image.	5
9176	Good breakfast quality and other items	5
9177	They make you purchase something before they unlock the restroom door remotely. The cashiers are rude as well.	1
9178	Took like forever to get just a large sweet tea. Must have been a slow night.	1
9179	When I told the cashier my drink wasnt right he argued with me that that's how they make them there.  No way!	2
9180	All the Macdonald  r having  problems  with getting  people's on line orders ready	1
9181	McDonald's is all right I only come here if I want something fast and cheap and I got a hot and spicy McChicken	3
9182	"Long wait, employee didn't know what he was doing. Manager seemed associated with employees and with customers."	1
9183	Very lazy and not willing to help with any questions ans the manager doesn't have time to talk about an issue I was wanting to talk about.	1
9184	"It was the only place open on Christmas morning to get coffee, you would think that McDonald's wood close so their employees could have a Christmas with their family."	3
9185	Now with self-service kiosks so you can be sure to get a correct order.	4
9186	Had to say hello at the drive thru over and over to get anyone to take an order .   And of course they had no ice cream	1
9187	Worst service in the history of human time. Waited 30 minutes for a cheeseburger. And the store was dirty!	1
9188	"Service was nice but food was a little overcooked,not really fresh"	3
9189	Great tasting food not the healthiest but still very good.	5
9190	It was not a clean restraunt at all to many homeless people in there watching you eat and asking for food	1
9191	I recommend this McDonald's in salt lake City.they allow us to charge our phone.and warm up.	5
9192	Always homeless people there bothering patrons! Shake or milky not thick!	3
9193	Service food served at McDonald's Jesse really stood out but I do give this place into CA re Dee	2
9194	"How the hell do you rate a Mickey Dee's. Food the same in all of them, some have decent or even great help, so many have truly worthless turds..........all a management issue."	2
9195	Never come back to this place again the french fries were hard and cold and so is a chicken nuggets	1
9196	Nice	5
9197	Bathrooms are dirty and messy front lobby look good tables were wiped down and cleaned good hot piping food	2
9198	"It's McDonald's, and exactly like every other McDonald's restaurant."	3
9199	every child likes it but I can't stand it ... there should be a fit or natural line that I would like	3
9200	"To be honest the food was bland and nothing was really good, service was sluggish"	3
9201	Drive thru is horrible. Mess up my order EVERY time.	1
9202	"The food was dry, the fries were stale.  I had better at other McDonalds."	1
9203	Stop here almost every morning before work. Bacon egg and cheese biscuit is delicious	4
9204	"Slooooooooow. After confirming the order three times they still got it wrong. Also, it's so freaking slow."	2
9205	Buttermilk chicken was dry. Horrible meal. And cashier was really rude.	2
9206	Sevice was very bad and employees were not in uniforms  no napkins and letting a person dig through the trash  and employees waiting on other employees before customers.	1
9207	Food always fresh. Love the iced tea!!	5
9208	"Clean, nice people. Chicken strips were overcooked and rubbery, even when I got a second order."	4
9209	They never get my order right wait is forever and no to people friendly	1
9210	500 south is the best location in the valley (: probably thanks to the awesome supervisor and management	5
9211	Typical fast food place. Impatient sometimes kirt employees.	3
9212	Good place	5
9213	Prefer other locations. Always security inside here and constant shady business going down outside.	2
9214	Five                    	5
9215	Food and service where good but too many homeless roaming outside.	4
9216	some homeless was there semi clean although great customer service	2
9217	I cant find a mcdonalds downtown anywhere that can get it right. Terrible food. Bad service.	1
9218	Worst customer service I've had at a fast food restaurant.	1
9219	Nice to eat in a group of hobos...I heard a lot about the way cows are killed for some reason	4
9220	It's McDonald's...... When you want McDonald's it's perfect. I hope they install more kiosks so you are less likely to engage with people	3
9221	Usually good staff. The security guard is a really nice person	4
9222	"They were fast, friendly and accurate in our order."	5
9223	"Average McDonald's, check to make sure you have all your food."	3
9224	Terrible employees and shady as hell location. Its like that's homeless deadbeat central over there	1
9225	"It's a McDonald's. Luckily, they have a fast drive through."	4
9226	Im glad that they have kind spanish speaking people here when my family visited SLC.	5
9227	"good food, but very shady location and people in the area
feel unsafe here"	1
9228	Went through drive thru great fast service wow!	5
9229	I waited over a half an hour just to get to the order window for the drive thru at 12:30 in the morning	1
9230	Fast service. Dual lane drive thru. Same McDonald's standards.	3
9231	I mean it's McDonalds. We all simultaneously love it and are then completely disgusted by ourselves when its over.	5
9232	No indoor seating yet.  Went to Astro Burger instead.  Wake up McDonalds.	3
9233	You have a 75% chance of getting a wrong order if you go through the drive thru	1
9234	"Consistent, predictable, not great but never terrible, except the coffee, skip that."	5
9235	Needed to charge my phone Noone harassed me good to see there busy working and not bother fellow humans	4
9236	Your basic McDonald's...finally opened to Dine in	4
9237	"Fast breakfast service, quality as expected, recently remodeled, ambiance of indigent rambling."	4
9238	Terrible just terrible. Will not be returning cause of the long time to even order my food.	1
9239	Amazing food and staff. Although they forgot to give me ketchup twice with my chips	4
9240	Very good n I usually don't like McDonald's n very friendly staff	5
9241	"The worst place ever!
They made us to pay 80 dollars just because we didn't walk in McDonald's first. How horrible is that?!"	1
9242	First choice Everytime I wanna eat lol    	4
9243	"Can't get orders right. Slow service, but usually friendly staff."	1
9244	Always have to pull around and park during drive thru. Whats the point of drive thru if you have to park?	3
9245	"Bread used for burger was very bad, it was completely different than what we usually get in other McDonald"	1
9246	Luckily the system makes the experience consistent wherever one you go too.	5
9247	"Nice and friendly staffs, however need to keep up on cleaning..."	4
9248	Newly renovated! Beautiful dinning room and great tasting food.	5
9249	Still loving McDonald's McDonald's Coca-Cola is the best.	5
9250	Late night service is horrible. 40 minute wait in line. They don't do curbside.	1
9251	Beggers knocking on car windows..swarming all over the parking lot	1
9252	Been twice this week and the place got our orders wrong both times.	3
9253	"Slow service, full of dirty, vulgar customers. Wouldn't take my kids into this slum."	2
9254	I don't want to order using the computer. It's confusing and slow don't force it. Let me order with an actual human.	1
9255	"It's McDonald's. For a busy downtown location they do a good job with morning, lunch and late night speed of service"	3
9256	Claim to be open 24/7 apparently not on Wednesday	1
9257	Easy to feed yourself   	4
9258	"Had to use the computerized ordering system in the store self serve, the employees didn't even know how to use it go figure"	1
9259	It's hellaciously slow but overall the workers are nice!	3
9260	Good service and clean but in a rough part of town	4
9261	Went twice to men restroom and 0 paper towel. Told the front desk lady yet no action :(	1
9262	"Food is always fresh, customer service is excellent!"	5
9263	This location is only open until midnight now. No longer 24/7.	1
9264	I like the drinks and they always give me a cup of ice for my dog	5
9265	Don't go through the drive thru..   everything was COLD	3
9266	"The service was good and with a security person on site, nothing shady was going on."	4
9267	You are forced to place your order using the kiosk; quite a pain in the neck for the computer challenged people in the world	3
9268	No longer open 24 hours. Closes at 11 pm nightly.	1
9269	The McDonald's app keeps malfunctioning. It says you've used the deal when you haven't.	2
9270	"No shakes, wrong order, long wait, bathroom locked, sloppy coffee, wrong coffee, just not great at all."	1
9271	Sometimes the butcher the iced coffee. It's McD's othery	4
9272	The food was cold and not what I ordered I did drive thru.	2
9273	"Relatively quick drive through, food was fresh."	4
9274	Woman at cash register refused to take my order....want me to learn a kiosk.no way.	1
9275	"They've changed the ordering process and it's awful, people helping are considerate though."	3
9276	"They were fast, but my fries and sandwich were cold."	2
9277	Way under staffed.   20 minutes in the drive up window and terrible service.	1
9278	F***ers put a boot on my car even though I bought some food bring someone with you and have them wait with car and keys	1
9279	Renovated and they did just that; ask me again when I go back	3
9280	Its fast but its McDonalds never been a huge fan	3
9281	They don't like to give creamer and get upset if you want refills.	4
9282	"Good service, Spanish/English. The restaurant is very nice, remodeled."	5
9283	The manager was disrespectful and Rude. All the staff was very unprofessional. Will not be returning.	1
9284	Can't wait to go again.	5
9285	"Says open 24 hours, false! Not open 24 hours."	1
9286	Just about every worker at this McDonald's is rude	3
9287	"It's fast and convenient, what more could you want?"	3
9288	Terrible. Restroom is locked. Has no electrical outlets. Employees are rude. Doesn't deserve my business.	1
9289	Literally worst McDonalds ever service ever. Never sat in a line so long....	1
9290	"No dining,  had to order take out."	5
9291	Nice employees great service hot food fresh	5
9292	One snotty cashier..to the next .. they need to teach friendly customer service	2
9293	Tasty for fast food. Got to love a Big Mac occasionally.	4
9294	"Food was OK, but they didn't bring it to your table as advertised on the kiosk."	3
9295	"As usual,  they messed up my order"	1
9296	They water down there sprite! Live by here an everytime i order sprite it is watered down	3
9297	Customer service was horrible and the security guy was mean and horrible.  Will not be going back!!!	1
9298	"Need to pay attention to who,s at there drive up.... Menu"	3
9299	"It's food, if your hard up."	4
9300	I have been here several times but they do miss food here and there.	3
9301	"About what you'd expect from McDonald's, but it seems the franchisee forgot to pay the heating bill. Unprofessional (and cold)!"	2
9302	Food was perfect and I got it extremely fast.	5
9303	Good service during the day night manager             	4
9304	My kids eat every bite. So I love it.	5
9305	It's almost 3 am and it took 40 min for me to get to the pay window	1
9306	It's McDonald's we all know what to expect	5
9307	They play lots of mo town music. Nice place	5
9308	My food was old and stale. Barely ate my egg and cheese biscuit same with my hash-brown.	1
9309	Fast McDonald's drive thru in the downtown SLC	5
9310	The where crazy busy. But got through the line quickly.	4
9311	Can                          	1
9312	love their diet coke	5
9313	Coffee good. Hot. There is no dine in.	4
9314	This location is a plague to the McDonalds name.  2nd wesr and 5rh south slc	5
9315	Great food even good people and great prices too.	4
9316	Their sprit soda tastes just as faucet water.	1
9317	"Average service and food, long wait times at night and not in a great area"	3
9318	They decide to take their time; even when its a fast food and get timed	1
9319	Twice I've tried to get ice cream or Mcflurry & never have it	2
9320	One of the 2 drink dispensers not working no sign saying out of order	4
9321	Late night run to McDonald's. Great service	4
9322	The place is disgusting. Service was slow and the got my order wrong.	1
9323	The Fry's were perfect and the burger was very delicious!	5
9324	Milkshake machine seems to be broken as much as it works. Mediocre service and disorganized employees.	3
9325	"Little bit ghetto here, but the food and service is good!"	4
9326	Actually I hate McDonald's                     	1
9327	"Employees there very rude, well be a very cold day in h*ll before I make that mistake..."	1
9328	Food was good but the coffee was watered down horribly	4
9329	The ice cream machine was...in fact....broken	3
9330	"I only go here for breakfast, I don't like there regular menu items."	2
9331	Fresh remodel with all the accommodations for everyone's special needs.	4
9332	To much begging for money from homeless people come right up to the car	1
9333	It's a McD's. But the service is better than most...	4
9334	"Great food, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!"	5
9335	Fast se vice. Mediocre food. Great prices.	4
9336	Line was short. My order came fast.	4
9337	It's just up the block from where I live and they are usually fast and friendly	5
9338	"Bad service, cold food. Never go there"	2
9339	Closes during business hours for the lobby.	1
9340	Dont go at night their unstaffed orders take forever	3
9341	Great service	5
9342	It wasnt the fastest service but it was fine	3
9343	Catered to my needs for both me and my dog	5
9344	I walked in to meet a friend that was eating and ended up with a boot on my car. Don't go here	1
9345	Good	5
9346	I had chicken mc nuggets. They tasted y they had been sitting for awhile.	2
9347	Sausage burrito for $1 is the best breakfast deal in town!	5
9348	Never gets order right takes along time to get your food	1
9349	Got harassed by a security guard minute I pulled made for an uncomfortable experience to many homeless people around	2
9350	"Clean and friendly
And its downtown SLC so walking is good"	4
9351	"I placed my order on a screen in the store. It was very efficient. The staff are very friendly and helpful. However, you find a lot of people hanging around the place because of a liaison office of one of the Latin American countries. The environment is somewhat sombre. Other than that we had a good meal."	5
9352	After many years not eating junk food this time I found the big Mac was worse than long time ago. I guess downsizing pickles and tomatoes is their answer to healthy foods and cutting costs. But of course it filled me up.	2
9353	What a great experience at 1:30 on a Sunday morning. Tons of people hanging out and having a late night snack. Place was clean. Food and service was prompt.	5
9354	"Tried to use the self service kiosk and the coupon from the MD app on my phone, the kiosk system went down and didn't process the order, pushed the help button on kiosk, waited for awhile until the cleaning lady offered to help me but couldn't fix the issue so she asked me to get in line and place the order at front- at least 5 min passed before I got to the front and I explained the issue and situation with the kiosk then the lady at front say "" sorry your coupon said it was already issued (used) I told her yes, I used it at kiosk but the order was never processed there, she had to call the manager and I have to explain again the issue to her so it took more than 15 minutes no place a simple order with a coupon from the app"	3
9355	"Mostly, the down trodden community comes here but is less crowded, and you get your food quicker."	3
9356	"Im not fan of this place, but always I visit I have a very good experience."	4
9357	Quick service. Ordered via the McDonalds app. The staff were friendly. There are electronic order kiosks too should you prefer that type of experience.	5
9358	"Good location, enough space, cheap prices"	5
9359	"Very dirty in the hall, fast service, delicious food"	4
9360	A lot of homeless folks at this 24/7 location food comes out really quickly	4
9361	"Reasonable service and good hot food. One Korean employee doesn't speak English so, train him or keep him in back, not at cash register.  He ignore all and says don't have it to everyone.

Need better management decisions.  Need breakfast items available at 2pm as did before"	3
9362	"Ordered a buy one, get one sausage egg and cheese biscuit , went home, rook an hour or longer ONLY to discover there was NO cheese on either biscuit!!!!! I'm  a cheese lover, so this really furiated me! PLEASE DO BETTER!!!!!"	1
9363	"I went to the drive thru, easy, fast, and accurate."	4
9364	It's one of the busiest McD i have seen in my lifetime.	5
9365	Washington DC downtown five blocks from the White House so do the math I had the munchies I needed to eat McDonald's is the place	4
9366	This location has Rocket the racoon if you're collecting them.	5
9367	"Poorly trained staff, horrible security at the front door, by far the most ghetto McDonald                         "	1
9368	"It's McDonalds, what is there to say?  I love the relatively reasonable prices (not sure why a double cheeseburger is on the $1 menu but the single hamburger is almost twice the price or why a small fries is $2.49), but they allowed me to pay what I usually pay for lunch at Panera  and not only feed myself (a hamburger) but get the homeless and disabled person asking for money outside the front door a meal that he asked for (a double cheeseburger and a slushie) when I didn't have any cash."	4
9369	"Clean, plenty of places to sit and enjoy your meal."	4
9370	Great location in the heart of DC. It is really close to DuPont Circle. The staff was pleasant. The food was above average for McDonald's standards. Go in grab a bite in a small period of time. I would go back if I am in the area.	3
9371	"I'm not usually one to post 1, but their service here is awful, the drive through is so slow, and we went to a mobile order and there's no reason why at a fast food place I am waiting for over 30 minutes. AND their phones not on, you can't even call them. I'm late to work once again because of them. This isn't a one time thing, its always like this every time I come here. They have lost a customer."	1
9372	It                           s was good service I was visiting with my husband this McDonald while I was waiting for my husband next 	5
9373	"From a quick visit about 4 months ago:

Dining room was small, seemed clean (my order was to-go so didn't spend much time inside).

Loved the digital menu/self-order kiosks (ordered at the kiosk and it still gave the option to pay cash at the register, though not sure if that option's still available and/or if the dining room's even open right now...?).

Staff was friendly enough and very helpful, packed my to-go order like absolute pros.

The area where the fountain drinks, straws, etc., are wasn't super tidy (a bit of a spill on the countertop, if memory serves); however, seemed clean, otherwise.

Because it was such a quick trip, didn't get to see the condition of the bathrooms (a good indicator of an establishment's working and overall conditions, in my experience). Maybe another time?

Overall, a good experience.

Something to consider: there's no drive-through nor a parking lot and finding a parking space seems to be a nightmare/hit-or-miss in that area. Circled the surrounding blocks a few times before someone parked almost right in front of the store just happened to be leaving (not sure how often that happens, though). Score!

The previous parking spot I'd found was about 2 blocks away (doable), but kept searching in order to be closer to the other establishment my group and I were visiting prior to McD's."	4
9374	They stop serving breakfast at 10:30am.  As if people are lining up to get cheeseburgers at 10:31am...	2
9375	Gave me fries that have been sitting and it hard and  wasn't fresh. The sandwich was sloppy	1
9376	I am so mad just imagine eating your breakfast sandwich while chewing you pull a piece of her out your mouth. That is what just happened to me.  I tried to call the store but no one is answering the phone.  McDonald's 1900 block of M Street NW Washington DC	1
9377	"Checkout from the cashier was fast and accurate. The place was clean, and has M/F bathrooms that we're about as clean as I'd expect from here. Menu was clear and expansive. The staff was all very friendly. Seating inside was plentiful. Food was as expected."	5
9378	"This place is dirty.  The service is so slow.  So many homeless loiter here and often beg for money at the entrance.  Management and staff are indifferent to the conditions.

Steve and Piero are delusional.  The one bathroom is unisex, and you need a coin for that.  Play area?!?!?  Where?"	1
9379	"The employees are friendly. Food comes out slow. Too many homeless people inside beggin for money or food even though there are signs posted for 20 minute limit stays. I                           m not unsympathetic to the homeless, however the staff at this location permit them to hang out ("	2
9380	"Had trouble counting the number of fries I had ordered, had to go back three times.  Check your bag before you leave."	3
9381	"Seen one, seen them all. There not a lot of places in the area that have large play areas so children tend to love this place. If you want your kids to run free and havd fun this is as good as option as there is here. They tend to have a lot of private events on weekends, but the restaurant nonetheless remains open to the public."	3
9382	Every two seconds the door flings open with another customer and you freeze to this cold weather. On top of that the bathrooms require a token to be inserted and can  be obtained by anyone at the registers free of charge. Meanwhile there are fully unlocked and working bathrooms on the second floor that everyone can use. The worse part was that the entire staff was Mexican and did not speak one word of English to each other. As a matter of fact they were laughing and having a great time in their own language while taking my order which is extremely rude to me and to other customers.	1
9383	"This place is newly renovated, but it is not spacious. The new touch screens for placing orders are the reason for this. The new seating is cramped as well. I placed my order with the cashier and she could barely understand plain English...probably why the touch screens are there. I'm not coming back to this McDonald's."	1
9384	Great place to grab something quick to eat. Its worth more then the other fast food restaurants. I've been eating more here than the other fast food restaurant. I really love this food. Thanks for all the hard work keep a lot of us happy      	5
9385	Isn               	1
9386	Punks don't know respect	1
9387	NOT OPEN 24/7.  Beware criminal activity around this location.  Was almost mugged when I showed up to a CLOSED restaurant at 12AM.	1
9388	"Stopped by for breakfast a few times while in town.  Self order kiosks were great but didn                           t have directions, I ordered without issue but watched a few people walk out after not being able to figure it out and having"	4
9389	"Love going here, fantastic staff, clean restaurant and never have they ever messes up my order!"	5
9390	It was clean and well maintained. Service was also good.	5
9391	"Great place, not a long wait for your order even in rush hour"	5
9392	"A little run down, and doesn't have a full menu. Really wanted some breakfast burritos, but couldn't get any. Food tasted fine, but the employees were rude. I think they assumed no one spoke Spanish, but I do, and I heard them making fun of customers and their accents and how they talk and what they were ordering."	2
9393	"Clean, fast service. Did not have a full menu. Strange. Sign saying that paying customers can only stay at their table for 20 minutes. Wonder what they would do if you stayed longer?"	3
9394	Drive thru service took 25 mins	2
9395	Love the food and service	5
9396	"Finally last week coffee prices dropped to the advertisement rate of $1. I mentioned that it was advertisement for over a month before the reduction. The oatmeal cookies have become chewy lately, before they were hard as ginger snaps. Ultimately they're working on regaining local support. I'm a bus driver and that $1coffee helps me a lot!"	3
9397	"I charged up on sausage biscuits before filming the dcmj joint share at DuPont circle during the inauguration. Had a good talk with Trump supporters. They were pretty feeble minded, but decent folk I guess. I bet our interaction would have been different if I was a brown person though."	5
9398	"This McDonald's was so hi-tech I was unsettled. You order from machines and put your card in that way.
Like all Mickey D's, the fries are only good for about 7 minutes before they're cold and soggy. Shovel it all in before it all feels gross."	5
9399	Great French fries but that as always depends mostly on when they last changed their fry oil. The nuggets had been sitting in their hot tray for too long and were dried out and looked like the had also been over cooked good friendly staff though	3
9400	"This place provides food like all other McDonald's does but is one of those that is untidy. Garbage is not picked up even when it's already full. And the restrooms need tokens to open which makes this experience so unpleasant. The food though is great but with all not so good traits mentioned above, it wouldn't be a good experience especially for a family dining in."	3
9401	Food was great but 15 dollars for breakfast (for one person). Wow!	4
9402	Staff behind the counter watched a homeless drug addict get right in my face and demand money...and they did absolutely nothing.  The guy even followed me from the waiting line to the condiment area and just kept ing.  9 in the morning during the work week.	1
9403	"This is the nearest McDonald                           s closest to me, so I order with Ubereats, the delivery is so fast you would think it                           s a good thing, but no, it                           s not, it only means that orders are prepared prior to your order so even though the delivery is fast, your enti"	1
9404	"Based on experience with mc donalds in europe, this is rather sub-par. But it is ok, gets the job done in feeding you."	2
9405	"What can you say about Mickey Ds? They have a decent variety on their menu.  Now,  they are making their quarter pounders fresh when ordered so you may have a slight wait.  But I'm sure it won't take that long.  I ordered the fish sandwich which is just okay. I wish they'd make it bigger and not skimp on the slice of cheese. I like their $1, $2, and $3 menu. The fries were fresh but don't come close to wonderful fries served at the BK Lounge. Take notice though king, McDonald's is open 24 hours. I'd take their fries any day at 3AM vs. No fries from the closed Burger King near my house."	3
9406	"Customer service wasn't great. I wasn't welcomed and the worker didnt seem like she cared I was there. I only got a 20 piece, I got it in a minute. They tasted a tad bit off than the usual nuggets so i didnt enjoy it as much. The place was clean."	3
9407	"Filthy environment,  broken booths, and bathroom required a token .  Staff was unable to correctly fill my order for three beverages.  I ordered a coke, a diet coke and an unsweetened ice tea.  It required 2 tries to get the drinks to me.  This experience took at least 15 minutes."	1
9408	It opens 24 hours but the staffs don't let people go to the bathroom for no reason. We got there at like 8.40 pm. They are all very rude to the customers. NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!!!!!!	1
9409	It is a weird experience. The food is really good but the service is horrible. The place is dirty. The customer cant get a tray after a certain time. The problem is all the tables are dirty which makes it even more frustrating.	3
9410	"CLOSED. UPDATE YOUR HOURS. GAS PRICES ARE WAY TOO HIGH FOR CUSTOMERS TO UBER TO YOU, THINKING ITS OPEN. RIDICULOUS."	1
9411	Not your best McDonald's but the fries are hot and the ice cream machine works. Tables are a little dirty during lunch so be prepared if your eating in to wipe before you consume	3
9412	"It was okay, staff was nice the food was not comparable to other McDonald chains. French fries were freezing cold. Inside needs to be redone and has a slight stench."	3
9413	"I used the McD's mobile app for the first time. There was a ""deal"" available through the McD's app that was a great value & fit what I enjoy at McD's (occaisionally). Everything processed for the order... once I succeeded in completing the order with small amount of difficulty. Checked my account two days later as part of semi-weekly review. The McD's mobile ordering double charged me for the order. They processed two charges for the one order. When rhe corporate McD's was contacted they apologized, stated the program has occasional quirks (being worked out), and told me I needed to drive out of my way to go back to the store to get my money back. After explaining that they would have to reimburse my time and expenses to do their legwork in correcting their error of stealing my money AND explaining that they simply review their detail processing report of electronic charges for the two transactions (I provided the actual transaction info for date, time, #'s etc) they agreed to process the charge reversal.... because they WOULD NOT reimburse my time/expenses to return to get my refund of money they stole out of my account. After considerable time and insistence on my part, the manager agreed and reviewed the transactions report, verified the double billing, and assured the charge will be reversed. I got a follow up call from the area manager for McD's who turned out to be VERY unprofessional and rude in her attitude and handling if the matter. She actually admitted she hung up on me when I was reprimanding her on her shortcomings for not listening to what I was saying and continually speaking loudly over me, while I was speaking. Interesting..... is this how McD's is improving the bottom line, by stealing? NO ONE at McD's, even after explaining the process to correct an improper charge, had a clue how to address or willingness to pursue. They directly stated it was on me. I had to come back to a store, out of my way, to get a refund of my money, that they improperly seized from my account. Unbelievable as that is for my 1st mobile order/purchase experience w/McD's they were excited I used it and recommended I try the mobile order system again soon. Yeah right..... I'm gonna use a system with a 100% failure rate (my experience) and that they have no knowledge of how to process system failures, that do occur to their admission & knowledge. Horrible experience in all regards. Clearly rolled out the program with known links and poor or no training in corrective measures when incurred."	1
9414	"You guys do have mocha coffee, right? Cause sometimes ya'll think I'm talking about a frappe. And then I give up and ask for a regular. I mean I don't really care, but sometimes I suspect I'm being gaslighted. Like you guys know something that I don't. You know what I'm saying?

Where you keepin the mocha man"	4
9415	Worst McDonalds I have ever been too. The water they provided was pink and when I asked if we could get new waters the lady told me all of the water comes out that way and there is nothing she could do about it. In other words she was too lazy to get me new waters. Can                           t figure out why McDon	1
9416	"Horrible.
Rating one  since this Company can                           t seem to stay true to their word. How does it say            "	1
9417	Not crowded. Staff really helpful. Electronic kiosks to use for safe distancing. Clean.	5
9418	Customer service wasn't that great. After I paid for my food and my food was given to me I was told they were out of pies. So I had to wait for a manager to give me a refund which took a while.	3
9419	It                           s McDonalds. What do you expect? This one seems to be quick and accurate with orders and I        	5
9420	"Tastes the same everywhere in the world. A testament to the power of logistics and training. Had a quarter pounder meal. More places around the world could use their toilet token system though, deters non-customer toilet users."	3
9421	"For one usually it's only for coffee and to get away from the office as I stopped eating McDonald's food. The problem I faced recently was a homeless person who walked up to me and asked for 2 dollars for bus fare. When the bus stop is like 2 to three blocks down the road. I said I will buy you something to eat or drink but not give money. So,  for folks or tourists who get folks coming to them asking for money I suggest trying to offer food to them is more important then money. One thing about DC is there is alot of resources for folks who need money for bus fare or anything can find. Food too they know where to go. It's up to them to make that move. Another major situation I noticed is the McDonald's need some updating. I might know why they keep it so dull looking because McDonald's operates with the homeless so I guess they don't want to make it too comfortable. I been to much better ones who got nice and cool lounge chairs couches and OMG this one just looks ragged."	2
9422	"Typical, good service, busy and not overly clean. Helpful street person opening door for us and asking us to remember him on the way out."	3
9423	I went thete today for lunch abd every available table was reslly dirty.  I only ordered a double cheedeburger andvdrnk and tthe food was delivered to my table pretty quickly.	3
9424	There's no need to order from the drive thru because you'll receive whatever they put in your order	1
9425	"Bathrooms are pretty disgusting even with a numpad lock. Lots of homeless people around late at night. Same food, same quality. Plenty of seating tho."	3
9426	Not much to say it was a little slow. Up next experience. Will go back if in that area.	3
9427	The beat Big Mac ever!!! My McDonald's app was acting stupid but I received my order and it was great	5
9428	The McDonalds on M Street is newly renovated and spacious.  You place your order on touch screen and take a table number and the food is delivered.  How about that fast food that is that and convenient.  BTW THE MCRIB IS BACK!!!!	4
9429	"I like that they have the kiosks here. Easy, no annoyance orders."	5
9430	Went in around 10pm on a Saturday.  Not too crowded.  Quick service.  The new BBQ tenders are on point!	5
9431	Not for me macdonald's but granddaughters loved ordering on screen	5
9432	After spending top dollar on fancier dinning establishments it was nice not to have a meal run me over $150. They also signature sanwhichs which are quite tasty!	4
9433	Very busy most of the time. Can be loud. Fast service though. Upstairs is usually quiet and good for a lunch break.	3
9434	"Sorry. Old fry-oil gave the nuggets a bad taste. The level of  chlorine in the water made the Coke taste bad (tasted chlorine ) and the cheeseburger were cold a soft.
The only good was the french fries."	1
9435	"The right place to eat when I have no time and want good tasting food, I had Caramel Iced Coffee and I ordered a Big Mac, the girl suggested that I can get one extra Big Mac for a minimal amount, it was almost free, it was a good decision."	4
9436	Loved my strawberry shake but no bathroom for the customers wow I came way from Hampton  Va	5
9437	Service was good and fast. Store was clean and nicely update.	4
9438	"The hamburgers are the best. Not too gamey, full bodied with a hint of sage. Fresh toasted bun with a generous helping of an exciting combination of garden vegetables."	5
9439	Very kind and pleasant staff members. Much Cleaner than other local McDonalds franchise locations.	4
9440	"The foods greatly improved in flavor and price with the new 1,2,3 menu but if there is a Wendy's nearby you should go to that instead."	4
9441	"Always  great food and lots of choices.the people  2ji work  here are nice,  helpful and friendly.   Food is fresh  and delicious."	5
9442	Not good all the Hispanic cater to Hispanic Americans stand in the store for 20 minutes while they socializing with the Hispanics	1
9443	"I have always loved mcdonald's food and they have great customer service as well, which is very much appreciated by me."	5
9444	This was a horrible experience food was good though but homeless people taking up the tables here and there wasn't but bout 10 tables to begin with also prices were stupid hi	1
9445	To many homeless hang around there and always asking for something. It becomes annoying and you don't want to go.	3
9446	"This visit, they were a little slow at the drive thru. Otherwise everything was great."	4
9447	"It's ok, the price is a bit different then I remembered. But I haven't been to one for awhile."	3
9448	Its good to see they have self order	4
9449	"Good food, nice place. I was in Washington DC and was hungry. Hehe order on a tablet and the bring it to you. :) thanks McDonald's"	5
9450	"Not bad, it's not too far from my apt."	4
9451	Service is usually quick but you have to deal with the homeless that will bother you outside the doors	3
9452	Just as you would expect.   Fresh food served promptly.   Clean location.	4
9453	"Always entertaining people watching, sometimes not always clean.. mostly quick service"	4
9454	"It's a nice place with good taste of Burger, but the associate's attitude is just so rude. Poor customers service."	1
9455	Food was fine tables were dirty	3
9456	I'd say a below average McDonald's. Very dirty and lots of homeless on weekends I've been here. No friendly workers here which is a McDonald's usual but you do generally get what you order somewhat quickly. It is probably as cheap as you'll get in the area.	2
9457	"Extremely cozy with soothing music and decor to match, very clean , duplex area."	5
9458	"They allow panhandlers to bother people at the door , the New Wawa around the conner is taking business away from this location , Terrible management at this MC Donalds"	1
9459	Hair in my food	1
9460	"Only two s because their food sucks, no matter which location you go to. I was just trying to save some money and after six years of prison food I can eat just about anything."	2
9461	I took fried chicken.This is the last time i take it.Feels like 100 years old.Like i eat poison.I likes the sunday ice  cream.	2
9462	They're supposed to serve breakfast until 11am but they stop WAY before that.  Not cool.	2
9463	The ladies are very helpful and the machine for order is so cool	4
9464	stop doing business with russia	1
9465	"There is a lot of mosquitoes.
The place is not clean and some kind of un comfortable smell..
I don't  like it"	1
9466	"Service is very fast, especially for orders through the app."	5
9467	"The cheapest meal I had on my trip to DC...

Not the cleanest McDonald's I've ever been in and they often allowed panhandlers to sit literally infront of their front doors, but it served to provide cheap breakfast before the task of tracking into the National Mall each day."	3
9468	I love this McDonald's. The food is very good here and the employees provide excellent service      	5
9469	This location is not 24 hours !! Please change your hours so people don't waste their time !!!	1
9470	Hours liars          	1
9471	"Chicken tenders were over cooked, or pre-cooked. Kinda tough not tender or juicy."	3
9472	"The environment wad ""tired"", I mean you feel tried  when you enter there. I won't come back here again."	2
9473	By far the worst McDonalds experience I've ever had. They locked their doors when their sign clearly said they were to be open; then the staff was incredibly rude.	1
9474	"Staff was fast and courteous, my order was correct and food was hot."	5
9475	24h McDonald's gets a 4  review any given time. When you are rescued of hunger at 2am!	4
9476	Good	4
9477	"I eat McDonald's twice a month and not once his it disappointed me,but i would never give it more then 3"	3
9478	Took 22 minutes to get a cup of tea	1
9479	NICE AND SPACIOUS FRIENDLY STAFF  FOOD DELICIOUS I FELT SAFE	5
9480	Large amount of calories for a low price. There is a limit of 20 minute maximum for seated eatting.	2
9481	I loved this place because like any McDonald's it had french fries	5
9482	Incorrect delivery no tarter sauce on fillet o fish	1
9483	First time by my house.  Not bad....   	4
9484	They don't even let you use their restrooms	1
9485	Good fast service clean facility Family fun June 2018	4
9486	Quick breakfast... Id recommend the Steak Egg Buscuit!!    	5
9487	this sucks I can not even see car move 10 s no wait 1  BECAUSE THIS SUCKS not geting on this map thing AGIN I hate it	1
9488	"I guess their credit card system was down, however the way they let me know was rude and not welcome, then again what can you expect from a McDonald's employee."	1
9489	I realized that I'm being a bit negative dealing all this low rates... anyway I've almost got 500 points	1
9490	"McDonald's has become the worst fast food option. Bad food, poor service at almost all of there restaurants."	1
9491	"Unless I ask how much something extra costs, dont tell me how much something extra costs. Especially when i use the word EXTRA."	3
9492	Nice place and friendly	4
9493	This is not a McDonald's that I would recommend. They have huge roaches and are not the friendliest....staff can be extremely rude. There's always some type of odor!!	1
9494	"Clean place, Open late, friendly employees."	5
9495	This McDonalds is okay except the homeless   men inside were a total nuisance and they only had the bottom of the restaurant open I'm not sure if they have a top of the McDonalds that's open.	3
9496	Lovely place.... lovely attendants charming ones.... best foods.... 	5
9497	Good taste like they don't change the oil	2
9498	Cool staff for it to be so late cooked 2 order	4
9499	"Have to admit, I went here on a craving run but it worked! Gotta get those 2 for 2.50 deals and Oreo Mcflurries somewhere!"	4
9500	Always nice and pleasant.  Food was hot	5
9501	The service wasn't the best. Messed up the order a few times	3
9502	"The manager on duty was great, helpful and patient.  Thank you"	4
9503	"The Order Pay Machines are Safe, Easy & Convenient     "	4
9504	"For a McD in the city, the food was decent and the service was acceptable. The bathroom was atrocious, however."	4
9505	Horrible place to eat. Felt like I was in a homeless shelter kitchen restroom are filthy    	1
9506	Good food!!	5
9507	"It has a second floor dining area, which is something I've never seen in a McDonald's before."	3
9508	A clean McDonald's that services pretty quick. The only knock against this place is that management is stingy with water cups.	4
9509	"Fast service of the expected quality from McDonald's.  The facility was shabby, and I didn't feel terribly safe"	3
9510	Best food if you are hungry again in night.	5
9511	Its location is easy to get to and the employees are kind and professional	4
9512	Very slow and they forgot condiments we asked for.	2
9513	Good place but those homeless people outside	3
9514	Experience was great would visit again and recommend others to visit to	4
9515	Quick service. Hot food! The remodel is amazing!	4
9516	Great Personal and Good place!	5
9517	Good people working together.	5
9518	Very busy in the morning	3
9519	"food not hot ,fries suppose to be the best, not today, dry and hard"	1
9520	"Needs better parking, but u get hot food"	3
9521	It                           s n	1
9522	"24/7 nearest & walkable distance to downtown, clubs."	5
9523	Producing fatty and unhealthy food to the masses. McDonald's is a blight for any neighborhood and caters to providing saturated fatty foods.	1
9524	"Respectful employees, fair food, poor cleanliness of tables."	3
9525	I asked the one of the employees a question and he lied right to my face	1
9526	"Very dirty place, tables, ground every where was dirty even not good food like the other branches..."	2
9527	Good food for price. Not a lot of seating.	4
9528	"It was so bad I throw up every time I went there, you should never go"	1
9529	Good is always fresh and fast check-outs	5
9530	"Not all that good, a bit slow and you get bothered by the people outside, just ok"	3
9531	You cant go wrong with cheap food and good	5
9532	There Customer Service was Outstanding and Obscenely Friendly	4
9533	Took a while I give me my food. The fries were overcooked.	3
9534	We bought 8 dollar menu burgers and snuck them into our hotel and ate them in bed solid 5/7	5
9535	HORRIBLE! Food is over cooked and tastes as if it is old or recooked!	1
9536	It does not allow pets    	3
9537	Good tasting food at a great price.	5
9538	Nice staff. Sweetgreen staff eat here too	1
9539	The place is quite run down. The food is the standard McDonald's fare.	3
9540	Quick and cheap snacks on the go. Hence fast food restaurant	5
9541	Nice and warm	4
9542	Very good service.                	4
9543	"Poor service and always crowded. But hey it's McDonald's,  what should we expect."	2
9544	They have the best deal for children with lower price	5
9545	you do not get the whole change and its very dirty in there	1
9546	I messed up the order and they fixed it with any issues.	5
9547	"Fast, quick, good! Better management control..."	5
9548	"Dirty inside atmosphere,  food luke warm and food over cooked."	1
9549	The don't change there grease and the bread taste like plastic	1
9550	"Horrible customer service, disrespectful employees and they barely speak English."	1
9551	Google maps is wrong about the time and management would not even come to the door for me to let him know.	1
9552	"Had diarrhea after a burger, not clean."	1
9553	Open late you get what you pay for.	4
9554	"Fresh and tastey, very good service."	5
9555	I loved the service and the fresh food	5
9556	"Their coke taste bad, as they used over chlorinated water for mixing."	2
9557	"On sight security
Nothin more to be said

4+ service tho"	1
9558	Traditional. Staff OK. Food OK. Relatively clean	4
9559	Love having breakfast and supper there	4
9560	It's McDonald's. You know what you're getting.  And the ice cream machine is always broken	3
9561	You will be welcomed by friendly drug addicted homeless people	3
9562	Convenient for you and good fresh food	5
9563	Don't like the way they answer back when you ask for something you need. They answer back in a sarcastic way. Like you're stupid.	1
9564	Fast food.... Boo... But kids gotta get chicken nuggets.	3
9565	"Strange people here sometimes, but it gets the job done when you're in a hurry."	4
9566	Good fast food. I dined alfresco.	3
9567	"Well it's a McDonalds. But this one is relaxed, relatively, and you must love the refill"	4
9568	Convenient right price good staff	4
9569	It was quick easy and close for an afternoon snack.	5
9570	Small but visible. Can't miss	5
9571	Always consistent. Can't beat the coffee.	4
9572	I don't go often but love the fries	5
9573	"Polite, prompt and yummy."	5
9574	Its McDonald's - its quick and cheap.	4
9575	its good and i really like the vanila shake here	3
9576	My daughter got locked in the bathroom .	3
9577	Fast with good customer service skills	5
9578	Very helpful staff with orders	5
9579	Don't compromise your health with unhealthy & unsafe food	1
9580	Want a Shamrock milk shake before ting my 31 days weight loss program.	3
9581	It's a McDonald's. Good location though and will kept.	5
9582	The staff is very rude and unprofessional and its dirty	1
9583	Always open. Good for a quick bite	4
9584	Awesome service and yummy food!	5
9585	Organized on-time pickups	5
9586	Great times w my boys	4
9587	Says it was open 24 hours but was closed early	1
9588	Good place for you short hungry	3
9589	Nice place. Friendly staff.	4
9590	Hard to get in and out. Other then that it is a regular McD's.	3
9591	They had a fight in that mc donalds seen it on youtube..lol	5
9592	The breakfast biscuit sandwiches are always good.	4
9593	One of the best McDonald's in the area in and out	5
9594	Uhh you ohhijuoohhhi hi uuhhh up kjkkkpi	5
9595	they don't have the full menu available.	2
9596	Fast service with call in ordering for faster service.	3
9597	Great service!!!	4
9598	Food was savory and quickly made.	5
9599	Thw employees make mistakes and unfriwnsly	1
9600	Good for some good and cheap food	5
9601	Currently 3:37am. Not open 24 hours	3
9602	Hated it rude customer service	1
9603	"The rudest stuff in DC, and it's not open 24/7"	1
9604	"Good food, less wait!"	4
9605	The girls speak very badly to the customers.	1
9606	Good customer service experience.	3
9607	Decent food in an okay atmosphere.	3
9608	Ok. Atmosphere not so good.	3
9609	this place close soo early	2
9610	Too many homeless people hanging out.	4
9611	Not open 24 hours. Hugely misleading.	1
9612	Worst mcnuggets I've had so far in the entire world	1
9613	Pretty typical. No issues.	3
9614	"hot day, cone wasn't frozen enough"	3
9615	"open 24 hours, free coffee refills, wifi"	5
9616	Caramel Macchiado  that rivals overpriced bucks	5
9617	"Great ice cream, so consistent"	5
9618	McDonald's is really good because the fries ect are really good	5
9619	Good people serving	5
9620	It's always the same as all other Mcs	4
9621	Ice coffee is my thing at McDonald's...4 to 5 a week....	4
9622	Too much sauce on my sandwich	3
9623	"Even with a dollar, one can get something to eat"	5
9624	Service a little bit slow	5
9625	Your normal neighborhood McD.	4
9626	Great friendly service.	5
9627	Very clean and friendly staff	5
9628	Not restroom available	3
9629	I'm like Fast food	5
9630	"No english, just mexican speaking"	1
9631	Okay need better security	3
9632	Not 24 hours. Zero s.	1
9633	Not open 24 hours as advertised.	3
9634	Most amazing place on earth	5
9635	McDonald is one of the best fast food!	4
9636	late night staff is terrible!   	1
9637	"thank you mcdonald's, i love mcdonals"	5
9638	Great service everytime	5
9639	Like the Nationals six run promotion.	3
9640	No good help	3
9641	Itsa good place	5
9642	"Ultimately, I threw up so..."	2
9643	"It's no ihob, which is a good thing"	5
9644	Clean and fast service	3
9645	Friendly n quick svc	4
9646	Nice McDonalds.	4
9647	"Good, quick and cheap"	4
9648	Service was terrible	1
9649	does not open 24 hours	1
9650	good lunch country style	4
9651	Staff was friendly	4
9652	Breakfast is always good	4
9653	"Not clean, not good"	1
9654	Covid 19 precautionary and clean	5
9655	Great customer service	5
9656	It was cool	5
9657	My place for an apple pie and coffee!	5
9658	They are good in services	4
9659	A little rough around the edges.	2
9660	Very good for Food	5
9661	Didn      	1
9662	Clean. Fast service	5
9663	Best take away	4
9664	Great kiosk service	5
9665	        	5
9666	"Faster, clean and kind people."	5
9667	"Fast, consistent service"	3
9668	Standard food and service	3
9669	Not open 24 hours	3
9670	"Terrible, unhealthy, poison, deadly"	1
9671	good food	4
9672	Clean	5
9673	Excellent	5
9674	Fine. Consistently McDonald's.	4
9675	Really good coffee	4
9676	Not bad	4
9677	So fast	3
9678	Good for fast food	4
9679	Fast food	3
9680	Good food	4
9681	Fast.	5
9682	Wrong hours online!!	1
9683	Bad customer service	2
9684	Awesome I Like It	5
9685	The Service is Excellent	5
9686	Good food	3
9687	Good burgers here	5
9688	Bubble hambger mayo	5
9689	Nice and clean.	4
9690	Food is too salty.	2
9691	That's where you for your cravings	4
9692	Yep Arch google Deluxe	5
9693	Chicken nuggets were old	4
9694	Late night efficient	4
9695	over 1bln served	4
9696	Fast service	4
9697	Just like the rest	4
9698	Fries never fresh.	4
9699	Good service	5
9700	Lot of areas to improve	2
9701	SPRITE WAS AMAZING	5
9702	"Okay, for the most part."	3
9703	Typical McDonald's experience	3
9704	It's McDonald's what more can i say	3
9705	Great service	3
9706	Good breakfast biscuits	4
9707	Budget friendly	5
9708	Great service	5
9709	Quick and easy	4
9710	Good service	4
9711	Awesome.	5
9712	Fast and good	5
9713	Delicious food	5
9714	Super long lines	2
9715	Always consistant	4
9716	Great staff	5
9717	Delicious food     	5
9718	Not 24 hours	1
9719	Courteous staff	4
9720	Edible.	3
9721	I was just hungry	1
9722	I love McDonald's	5
9723	not too much	2
9724	Great food	5
9725	Cause is gross food	1
9726	Good service	5
9727	Cheap and tasty	5
9728	Hate the food!	1
9729	Clean and quick	4
9730	Love the food	5
9731	Mcdouble	4
9732	Terrible	1
9733	Was dirty	1
9734	Wasn't clean	2
9735	Good services	3
9736	Fast service	5
9737	It's McDonald's.  You know what you're getting.	5
9738	Nice	5
9739	Only one McDonald in area	4
9740	love it	5
9741	Fast and polite	4
9742	Its okay for a McDonald's.	4
9743	I/0	5
9744	Very clean	3
9745	Quick service	5
9746	Nice	5
9747	"It's McDonald's, what more can i say..."	3
9748	Good	5
9749	it is ok	3
9750	Fast service	4
9751	Meh	3
9752	Good	5
9753	Fast service	5
9754	Good	5
9755	Yummy	5
9756	Good	5
9757	What you expect	2
9758	McDonalds	4
9759	A godsend locationwise	5
9760	GMOS	1
9761	Exelent place	5
9762	Nice	4
9763	Fast and in and out	5
9764	Nice	5
9765	Good	5
9766	Ok	4
9767	Good	3
9768	Good	5
9769	Great	4
9770	Good	5
9771	fine	5
9772	good	5
9773	Lovin It!!!	5
9774	Its adroable	5
9775	McDonald's is McDonald's.	3
9776	It was okay	4
9777	Business crowded	4
9778	Normal	4
9779	Mcdonald's is Mcdonald's	4
9780	Baltimore	5
9781	Eating the hashbrowns	5
9782	Clean	4
9783	Classic	4
9784	Love this mcdonalds	5
9785	Food	5
9786	Excellent 	5
9787	As typical!	5
9788	Excellent 	5
9789	Run away !!!!	1
9790	McDonald's is Awesome	5
9791	Good McDonald's.	4
9792	Unhygienic!	2
9793	Come on its McDonalds	5
9794	Standard McDonald's!	5
9795	It's McDonald's	5
9796	McDonald's is McDonald's	5
9797	Still McDonald's	5
9798	Its McDonald's	5
9799	"I don't park for people who visit the city, it's hard not to know               "	1
9800	"Fast service, typical McDonald's food. A bit dirty                   "	4
9801	Nothing exceptional compared to France. Almost the same choices. Do not come to the US to discover extraordinary things at mcdo	4
9802	The worst Mcdo I've seen on this planet :(	1
9803	The toilets were locked with a sheet saying                            out of order sorry :)                            and when I said I really needed to use	1
9804	"Not very good attention from the employees of the place. One of the employees who was serving me spoke to me in a way that was not very well seen on my part. When I got there, she looked like I was a beggar, because I was working and decided to go eat. However, the employee said as ""yes, what will you want!"" No! No! No! But in a disgusting way. But I ignored him and left the place. In addition, the restaurant has a second floor for those who are not in a hurry to go for lunch, breakfast or whatever. There is something very good about this place is that there are staff who speak Spanish and English. This place is also extremely close to the Honduran Embassy. I recommend this place."	4
9805	I liked it a lot definitely recommended the employee Maria f I liked how she treated me	5
9806	"I couldn't recognize the order, so I waited for 10 minutes and verbally told them, but they finally ted making it, but they brought something completely different from the order, so it took even longer. In the meantime, other customers were asking for exchanges if they were different from the order."	2
9807	"I will be brief: I have never seen such a McDonald's!! The furniture probably has not changed since the opening of the first institution (1948), apparently the dress code does not apply here. The counters are served by people in civilian clothes, it is not clear who they are. Okay, I ordered food on the spot to eat, he hands me a bag of food..."	2
9808	I love it   	5
9809	A misery no hot coffee no fruit juice and almost nothing in breakfast. Terrible when you come for lunch. And the sanitary facilities open with a room. The greatest anything from Mac Do. Never seen	1
9810	Very badly there are many homeless people inside you cannot eat in peace because of the bad smell and there are even some asking for money to buy the truth it scared me while I was inside buying because they saw that I took a 20 dollar bill and by force wanted me to give it money to buy and those who ask are not destitute	1
9811	Quick off	4
9812	"Very rich, healthy, abundant and well attended, I was surprised by the quality"	5
9813	"Very pleasant place with good food, good service, nice place where I will return whenever possible since it held me up a lot, I count on your presence in the place, I guarantee you will not regret it.... Sergio Rodrigues."	5
9814	Classic but cold	2
9815	"The mcdonalds in washington located next to chinatown is a real crap, no bathrooms, no seats you have to eat standing up and full of people asking to avoid it if you can there is another one on L street correct and normal"	1
9816	Excellent 	5
9817	Messy MC Donald's. Staff is grumpy. And the tables were very dirty. the food is fine.	3
9818	"As for the center of NY, it is very ugly, huge queues and terrible confusion when picking up meals, I felt like at the train station and not in a restaurant"	2
9819	"This branch is not good
Small and almost lousy
Part of the food is new and the other is old
In general, this branch is not recommended"	2
9820	"Not the best McDonald's in the world, not even in Washington. But it's fast and cheap"	3
9821	"Good coffee, usual delicious breakfast"	5
9822	Excellent service and of course the chicken they sell is very tasty	5
9823	Good service I like to buy breakfasts	5
9824	Very modern! And the service is great	5
9825	"Good attention, fast service and clean and organized."	4
9826	The service and the food were good. The place itself was not quiet.	3
9827	Is this supposed to be McDonalds? Looks like a museum. Nevertheless nice staff	4
9828	The hamburgers are rich and gigantic. They are not greasy and the serving staff is very acceptable. The place is good.	5
9829	"Typical hamburger at an excellent price, delicious hamburgers, breakfasts and varied desserts"	5
9830	"Good treatment, kindness, and Spanish is spoken."	5
9831	Very good	5
9832	The place looks like another fast food	3
9833	why do my kids like to go to mcdonalds	5
9834	Very clean and attentive employees.	4
9835	unhealthy	2
9836	A mcdo what clean fast and inexpensive	5
9837	"Because they attend well, they are experts"	5
9838	I liked how they treated me	4
9839	Diligent service and organize and very good	4
9840	"Fast food. Lots of people, can improve cleanliness"	4
9841	Burger King is better   	5
9842	GOOD	5
9843	They are very good	3
9844	super good and fast	5
9845	Olds here? Rename after Ricardo	4
9846	Terrible	1
9847	Poor 	2
9848	Very good	4
9849	What you order	4
9850	There are employees who speak Spanish	4
9851	it's a McDonalds	2
9852	then the worst burger here in the US	2
9853	Good attention	5
9854	e other	4
9855	It's a McDonalds	4
9856	Excellent attention	5
9857	always the same	4
9858	very good	4
9859	The hamburger is terrible	1
9860	Not clean.	3
9861	relatively average	3
9862	Terrible	1
9863	Bad	1
9864	Excellent 	5
9865	Okay	3
9866	Neutral	3
9867	Excellent 	5
9868	Huh	4
9869	Poor 	2
9870	Excellent 	5
9871	Excellent 	5
9872	good services too	4
9873	Excellent 	5
9874	It's a McDonalds	3
9875	Poor 	2
9876	Excellent 	5
9877	Excellent 	5
9878	Excellent 	5
9879	Excellent 	5
9880	Excellent 	5
9881	Good 	4
9882	Good	4
9883	Good 	4
9884	it's nice	5
9885	Excellent attention	5
9886	month	3
9887	Excellent 	5
9888	Positioning accuracy	5
9889	Lousy	1
9890	Good 	4
9891	Super	5
9892	        	3
9893	Excellent 	5
9894	Poor 	2
9895	Neutral	3
9896	Excellent 	5
9897	Neutral	3
9898	Terrible	1
9899	Bad	2
9900	Regular	2
9901	One more McDonald's.	4
9902	Good 	4
9903	Excellent 	5
9904	Neutral	3
9905	Excellent 	5
9906	Excellent 	5
9907	Excellent 	5
9908	Good 	4
9909	Excellent 	5
9910	Excellent 	5
9911	Excellent 	5
9912	Poor 	2
9913	Excellent 	5
9914	Good 	4
9915	Excellent 	5
9916	Excellent 	5
9917	Excellent 	5
9918	Good 	4
9919	Excellent 	5
9920	Neutral	3
9921	Excellent 	5
9922	Neutral	3
9923	Neutral	3
9924	Neutral	3
9925	Good 	4
9926	Excellent 	5
9927	Excellent 	5
9928	Excellent 	5
9929	Excellent 	5
9930	Excellent 	5
9931	Neutral	3
9932	Excellent 	5
9933	Good 	4
9934	Excellent 	5
9935	Good 	4
9936	Neutral	3
9937	Excellent 	5
9938	Good 	4
9939	Excellent 	5
9940	Neutral	3
9941	Good 	4
9942	Neutral	3
9943	Excellent 	5
9944	Excellent 	5
9945	Good 	4
9946	Excellent 	5
9947	Good 	4
9948	Good 	4
9949	Neutral	3
9950	Good 	4
9951	Good 	4
9952	Excellent 	5
9953	Excellent 	5
9954	Neutral	3
9955	Terrible	1
9956	Excellent 	5
9957	Excellent 	5
9958	Good 	4
9959	Good 	4
9960	Excellent 	5
9961	Excellent 	5
9962	Excellent 	5
9963	Poor 	2
9964	Terrible	1
9965	Excellent 	5
9966	Good 	4
9967	Excellent 	5
9968	Neutral	3
9969	Good 	4
9970	Excellent 	5
9971	Terrible	1
9972	Excellent 	5
9973	Good 	4
9974	Excellent 	5
9975	Poor 	2
9976	Poor 	2
9977	Excellent 	5
9978	Neutral	3
9979	Excellent 	5
9980	Good 	4
9981	Excellent 	5
9982	Excellent 	5
9983	Neutral	3
9984	Excellent 	5
9985	Excellent 	5
9986	Neutral	3
9987	Good 	4
9988	Good 	4
9989	Terrible	1
9990	Excellent 	5
9991	Excellent 	5
9992	Excellent 	5
9993	Excellent 	5
9994	Excellent 	5
9995	Excellent 	5
9996	Good 	4
9997	Excellent 	5
9998	Terrible	1
9999	Neutral	3
10000	Neutral	3
10001	Terrible	1
10002	Excellent 	5
10003	Excellent 	5
10004	Neutral	3
10005	Excellent 	5
10006	Good 	4
10007	Poor 	2
10008	Terrible	1
10009	Excellent 	5
10010	Excellent 	5
10011	Good 	4
10012	Good 	4
10013	Neutral	3
10014	Good 	4
10015	Neutral	3
10016	Excellent 	5
10017	Excellent 	5
10018	Excellent 	5
10019	Poor 	2
10020	Good 	4
10021	Good 	4
10022	Excellent 	5
10023	Neutral	3
10024	Neutral	3
10025	Good 	4
10026	Good 	4
10027	Good 	4
10028	Excellent 	5
10029	Neutral	3
10030	Neutral	3
10031	"This is my first ever 2  review.
I stopped in for a quick bit, or so I thought. I had no issue with the food or the face that there was a wait. What I had an issue with was the one male working the counter was more interested in flirting with the girl with pink hair working the fry machine that he had customers waiting for him to stop talking to her just to get them items he left off their order. At one time I was able to finally get the pink haired girls attention and I told her I was missing a coke. She told him and he went on flirting. I finally got his attention and told him I still needed my coke and he turned around and asked someone else to get it and went right back to his flirting. I do not think that his actions or lack there of reflects the overall workers at this location, but at the end of the day his actions are reflected in the review ratings that myself and others have given. The food is great, certain staff at this location not so much."	2
10032	Busy loud dirty disgusting. The food was mediocre at best the restaurant was filthy employees were over stressed and understaffed so I really couldn't communicate with them. I had an issue with a deal on the app and was not being allowed to use it appropriately but ended up having to pay a higher price anyway because I couldn't relate my issue to the manager without stalling line and making people wait longer.	2
10033	"The worst McDonald's I've ever seen. The service is incredibly unpleasant and unwilling. You enter a locator at the kiosk, but you still have to go to the counter for your order. Find out they haven't a cappuccino. You ask what others can they offer you - without an answer. You talk about coffee with milk and you get something disgusting that doesn't even remotely resemble coffee. Without apology, with unpleasant looks and even with a rude comment among the employees. Terrible customer service."	1
10034	"You have never experienced a food establishment like this one before. Probably because they've all been shut down. I've been reluctantly stopping in this place while shopping in Macy's for many many years and it's the same experience everytime. At this point, I do it for the entertainment. The kiosk and ordering setup is a recipe for disaster, just for ters. But you will usually wait 30-45 minutes just to be told that all the food and everything you ordered is sold out. If you're lucky enough to get your food, and it seems edible, there's 0% chance the dining room will be open. With all that said, it's not even the worst part. The staff are the craziest, rudest, nastiest human beings you will ever experience. They have zero filter. They scream and curse at eachother and the customers. One time I got yelled at for asking for sweet and sour sauce and they then proceeded to gather and talk about me asking for sweet and sour sauce, as if there's something wrong with that. After ignoring the request I asked again and she made an over exaggerated movement while rolling her eyes and putting her hand out, telling me it was $1. For 1auce. It was the best entertainment I've ever received for the money."	1
10035	"Beware this location.
I am a huge user of Mcdonald Happy Meal for my child so I know how to use a Mcdonald app order but this location is not working at all. Furthermore, the kiosk order system just takes the money from the credit card.(receipt paper was run out) even the person register took my order twice for one happy meal.
I paid 4 times for one happy meal. I understand this place is overcrowded in the Macy's department but they can work better. I won't go back to this location ever. Worst place ever."	1
10036	"Terrible place, computers failing massive line at front to order food, 1 till open, asked management for assistance as I am a diabetic

None offered nothing we can do for you managed to get food after 45 minutes!! I was lucky my wife got the food and took over the wait

Don          "	1
10037	"I waited more than 20 for a  mcchicken smh , I asked the worker if they called 115 yet 16 min in and she just looked at the screen and said nothing to me , I waited 22 minutes in finally the manager looked at me and I gave her my receipt and she gave me the mcchicken that the girl had there waiting ! I normally will not complain however this is more than traumatizing because of where it                           s in ,"	1
10038	This McDonald                           s needs to hire staff! From breakfast to lunch this place is always backed up with orders. I order my food on the McDonald                           s app and give them 30 min	1
10039	"I don                           t understand how the workers got hired, they were slow and made me wait 20 minutes for an order I had placed before I went on lunch break meaning almost 30 minutes ago. The worker didn                           t even bother t"	1
10040	"IT SMELLED SO BAD I COULD BARELY EAT I DIDNT EVEN WANT TO BREATH THE AIR. Food was fine though, nice cheap iced coffee."	1
10041	Inside Macys at Herald Square wwas supposed yo have BOGO for flower show...it was not offered..	3
10042	"Avoid!
Waited 45 mins for a meal. Terrible service & dirty tables. Asked for the table to be wiped, but was told by the staff it      "	1
10043	Waiting more than 25 mins for 3 drinks...	1
10044	"rude and very slow staff, half an hour before the closing of the store they closed the area with tables, I had to eat near the cash register"	1
10045	At 151 W34th in Manhattan NY (inside Macys) :. Twice in the last 5 weeks I've waited 30-40 minutes on an order. This location is understaffed by 3 employees. Customers were returning COLD food.	1
10046	We went there today ordered just 2 drinks waited 35 minutes for them manager told us to                            piss off                            when we politely asked if we could get our drinks	1
10047	"I had recently ordered a chicken sandwich combo  3 weeks back, mind you I haven                           t had it in 7 years because I knew any and All fast food is bad for the body. But baybeeee the day I opened my meal the chicken looked like a soggy wet pad with extra mayo & some green grass that looked like lettuce                                      but was soggy as well. The only thing I got to enjoy were my fries. I should have told them to run me my money back with a free ice cream but we all know they machines stay broke d"	1
10048	Regular McDanolds. Some of the staff are great and some aren't. Served their food fairly quick.	3
10049	"Didn't give my McFlurry and when I went up and ask for it they gave it to me all melted up, save yourself the trouble and go to some other McDonalds, workers has attitude."	1
10050	"Worst McDonald                           s ever  half the time staffs on the phone or having conversations with each other while orders get backed up  than when you say something they have the nerve to get angry,  also the morning manager locks the doors and doesn       "	1
10051	"I only gave a 1 because I have to. By far the worst serviced, dirtiest, and had the most amount of rude, ignorant employees including the manager. Have been to McDonald's all over the US and several other countries and this by far the worst I ever seen or been in.
Food- 0 of 10 (cold, didn't give whole order, gave drinks that were sitting there with ice melting on a counter)
Service-0 of 10 (did kiosk order, and waited 29 minutes for my order after being told by 1 employee my number wasn't ready as it sat there and I saw it. Manager looked at me/over me 3x before asking me what number I was. Then a lady came from the back of the kitchen and helped me as best she could.
Will specifically tell people not to go here when they travel during the holidays. Its a shame this place isn't kept up with like the rest of the macys store and stores around it."	1
10052	Clean and relaxing to hang out at non peak hours. Stopped to get my son a Happy Meal here and rest while shopping at Macy's. Worth it.	5
10053	"quarter pound deluxe no cheese???? why? cant do job right? salt even have no fry. still ate. unpleased, i hate burger kung"	1
10054	"This staff does not regard the publicly posted hours, or the manager does not pay them to clean up after hours. I showed up at least 2 hours before the publicly posted closing time, and 30 minutes before the closing time verbally expressed by the cashier. Still, they only had fountain drinks, old coffee, stale mcnuggets, and ONE stale fish filet available. They had decided to clean all equipment and stop making food well before closing. Macy's is a long-respected New York institution. This lackluster and poorly run franchise is a detriment to a great store."	1
10055	"Bad customer service! There is always a line. Employee have attitude and they just seem to not care about giving a customer service. Sometimes food smell so I decided not to go there anymore.
.
.
Prices are cheap because is fast food. I think that we should t caring about our body by giving a better health food. Once my girl and I had an ice cream we got stomachache due to the machine isn                           t washed properly.
.
.
There is always homeless people also hung aroun"	3
10056	What to say             	1
10057	"The only reason I give this place a one is because there isn't a 0 option this is the WORST McDonald's I've ever been to.  The staff is RUDE.  We had to wait 20 minutes to order when there wasn't anyone else in line.  Couldn't use the bathroom until we showed a receipt and then there was no toilet paper.  A worker brought paper towels up,  said there was no toilet paper and let his girlfriend jump in line in front of me to use the bathroom. Couldn't even get in the men's bathroom the door was locked and you couldn't get in there.  Told the staff about it and they could care less I've never been treated so poorly.  The guy that was guarding the stairs to the bathroom was a poor excuse for an employee and McDonald's is wasting their money on paying someone to treat customers poorly."	1
10058	"Trash restaurant.  So rude and gave me what I  didn't order. I order large sweet tea with no ice. First gave me large one with ice. I said no ice. Then waiting for long time, gave me a small one with no ice. So ridiculous.  Rude all the time.  Without any sorry and shame.
So never come back!"	1
10059	"Terrible service. We bought a whole bunch of items and asked for an ice water.

They refused to SELL ice water to us.

I have never been to a McDonalds that REFUSES to SELL ice water. (It's usually free)

Also, the lady who took our order could barely understand English and had to ask another employee to translate for her. We ended up repeating our order three times.

This is probably the worst service I have ever had at McDonalds."	1
10060	"Bad experience..they even charged me 1.29 for hot water..but on the recipe was hot tea.so i go back to tell the lady i want hot water not hot tea,the lady she took back the tea bag and tell me oh we even charged for hot water too.I'm like then why on the recipe you put hot tea? She's like ok you can talk to my manager.so i go there talk to the manager and tell her what happens                            the manager said yes we charged for hot water. I  left wi"	1
10061	"The most disgusting McDs ever. Staff is ridiculously obnoxious, offensive, incompetent in every way imaginable. They treat every one that comes in as an addict or criminal. All the tables are filthy. Hispanic security guard on Wednesday night at end of shift, addressed me as mammy, when I told him that comment was inappropriate, he cursed me out, and commented that I was old enough to be his mother .... not sure how this may have made it appropriate in his head. In addition I doubt very much that statement was true... while he was talking thus... he was also changing his sneakers in the disgustingly dirty dining area. The security guard replacing him, was changing his clothes in plain sight as well... The bathrooms have broken doors, stalls are anything but private. I feel safer with the riff raff than the overpaid security guards.... Been here twice, and just when I thought it could not get any worse... Cashiers can                           t do"	1
10062	This McDonalds gets crowded quickly so do not expect a pleasant experience. The food is good and I had a gentleman at the counter who was polite and good at servicing the clientele. Best thing to do is avoid this McDonald's at all costs unless its too hot to walk to another location.	3
10063	"This has to be the worst place on earth. I work here at Macy's. My order number is 282 and the food was terrible. I picked up the scrabler eggs and litterly could not shake them apart. The biscuit was colder than the weather outside. When I asked for fresh food then the managers get mad at me. This place sucks. Macy employees should boycott this place. The only reason I gave 1 , there's not anything lower."	1
10064	"What happened McD? Open up!!! June 19, 2021."	2
10065	Standard yummy fast food. Very quick service even though there's a lot of customers and it's located in a Macy's. The only thing is when I went to redeem a discount I had from a different branch they stonewalled me and said they had a different one and can't accept mine. Slightly disappointed.	3
10066	The cleaning in this place is HORRIBLE. I walked around the entire restaurant and there was not ONE clean table to sit at	3
10067	Adam is the most sincere employee an was moving fast an efficient. He should be the manager. The manager was slaking the night I was there. The place is never cleaned an Adam Rodriguez was the only one to take the initiative to clean the garbage an the floor.	5
10068	"A cool little get away spot in the city when you need that FREE WIFI and also $1 coffee.  I love it.  The staff are not too welcoming, but they are in the center of traffic with people shopping and across the street from Madison Square Garden...But I still like the location.  Check it out.

Eat, Play, Shop...
Live Life Unscripted"	4
10069	"Terrible experience at McDonald's in Macy's. They forgot to do simle order, while told them they forgot again. As a best customet experience they are screaming number while looking on display visible to them only instead of showing on display also to customers like in other restaurants. I haven't seen such uncoordinated McDonald's restaurant. Shame shame shame"	1
10070	"   The McDonalds took a while to get our service as it was a bit slow.... however once we recieved it, the food was tasty. The decor and surroundings provided a pretty good atmosphere. I would recommend a stop by for sure, get some classic maccas in ya!   "	4
10071	"No self service, slow service, they messed orders up; requested no bacon in a meal but they included it (despite being shown on the affixed sticker) however food was tasty! (albeit cold)
To add insult to injury, the staff were relatively impolite"	2
10072	Extremely slow and impolite staff.	1
10073	"This McDonald's is not a place where romances go to begin, nor to thrive.  This McDonald's is where romances go to destroy themselves, one urine-scented moment of heartbreak at a time.  No love has ever grown here.  Nothing, in fact, has ever grown here.  Plants wilt.  Children become stunted."	5
10074	Ordered via display and wait 15 minutes for a sundae ice cream and then they tell you that there is no ice. No service and unmotivated staff. Unfortunately!	1
10075	They need to keep their machines for menu selection up and running all the time.That enables social distancing to be practical instead of lining up to a cashier	3
10076	The workers do not wear gloves nor hair nets. The setting is very unprofessional. Workers were texting and having inappropriate conversations. Poor customer service and long wait time for food.	1
10077	Located on the 7th floor of Macy's. This McDonald's is a mad house! Very large crowd filled with children who want to steal your happy meal toy. We went here out of convenience but it was nothing special. Just a McDonald's oddly placed in Macys. Gotta love the chicken mcnuggets though!	3
10078	This Macdonald's is a joke. Late again . I'm an employee of Macy's and 4 out of 5 times a week they open late. And the food is not worth it. 1t class JOKE . Would give 0 s.	1
10079	Waited 15 mins for my sundae until I asked to get it. They didn                           t give me a spoon and I asked for nuts from two workers and	1
10080	Got a eye roll and attitude from one of the employees just for asking for the sauce I wanted for my 10-piece because she was already putting in a sauce that I had never asked for.	1
10081	I liked the chicken strips.they were a little doughty though. Don't like their artery clogging burgers and fries.the coffee is better than over hyped up bucks.	2
10082	"Horrible service. Rude staff named Marian. Went to several fast food joints s in new york, dc or LA and their service was nowhere as low as this one."	1
10083	Nice location at an upper floor inside Macy's. Good for tired famished shoppers. Take the window seats and get a good view of New York below.	4
10084	Not enough seating but fast service. Hidden on the seventh floor or Macy's. Ask for the happy meal. It isn't on the menu board.	3
10085	25 mins for a drink very nice	1
10086	The cashiers are very nice and the place is comfortable. It's a great place to interact and the food is what is expected of Mc Donald's.	5
10087	The security will kick you out if you don't finish your food in 15 mins. I was sooo shocked today when he came on me	2
10088	"Fast service, although the table service which was supposed to work didn't work at all.
It is super easy to order on the big screens and that's a benefit."	3
10089	"To avoid ! Restaurant room very small. Sad for a store with 8 floors. We had to eat outside after ordering ""on the spot"" No place to eat! And the staff not friendly at all."	1
10090	"Having good experience on my recent visit, crews are friendly and helpful. At least the crews that had talked to me."	5
10091	"Early morning shift had horrible service. Didn't provide a fork yet I had pancakes. Knife only.
I asked for a hot black coffee I get a foamy coffee.
I really don't believe it that's hard to take an order then have it repeated back to me at the window yet still mess up the order.
They need competent people who aren't just gossiping early morning."	1
10092	"This location consistently neglects basics like including sauce, utensils and will substitute your desert side for whatever else they feel like.  If you order a coffee with extras, 4/5 times they won                           t put them in. I, like any normal person, loathe paying for things I don                           t get! This happens often but today something egregious happened: I ordered a 3 pack of cookies. Checked the bag, there were only 2 inside. So I asked for the 3rd, a woman working there snatched the cookies from me and darted back (i assumed to grab the missing item) she returned empty handed and said more cookies are coming. I wasn                           t willing to wait and asked for my 2 cookies back but She wouldn                     "	1
10093	"I stopped by on the way to work and I was very pleasantly surprised!  The staff here was not only 5 out of 5 on all things hospitality, but the streaming classical music added to their warm and peaceful environment.  Well done,  McDonald's crew at this Los Alamitos location; well done, indeed! :)    "	5
10094	"I have only ordered to go from this mcds.
Drive through screens are normally in some state of vandalized disrepair.
Service is average. Food is average.

It is Ina very visible corner. Turn into the drive through is a bit tight. You face the people exiting the pick up window as you drive in, so be mindful of your surroundings."	3
10095	Not open 24 hours as maps says. If you don't have a car don't go here after 5pm.                                      Would be	2
10096	"Service is terrible here, came at drive thru on the first line and I was just one customer , so I didn                           t get help from employees. Two cars in other lane which came later were done before me. I needed wait longer and let t"	1
10097	We waited in the drive through over 15 min after we paid.  When we received our order it was not at all made as we had requested.  Haven't been to a McDonald's in 3 years it will be at least 30 more before I return...	1
10098	"Disrespectfully on all levels .  Paid 36 in cash never got me cinnabub was told it was on the bag,basically accused m
e of lieing and trying to get extra for free. Never gave me any refund and was rude. I have never felt so disrespected . Horrible for a mc Donald's."	1
10099	"Horrible place for service.  I paid for my food a deluxe breakfast at 1115 AM, I was then told to park in Reserved space 1.
After 20 mins waiting I walked up tot the window and the female cashier said they forgot my order. I got my order after and my deluxe breakfast was cold! What a waste of money!"	1
10100	"I ordered the new McCrispy sandwich. (Actually it's the Crispy chicken sandwich under a new name)

Yep, it's the same. Really nice, soft potato bun; the fried chicken and two miniature slices of dill pickle.

Dry, lifeless and uninteresting. How about some cole slaw or at least lettuce and mayo?"	3
10101	Food was cold at the drive-thru and in the store closed lobby early it was still daylight  a very bad experience never going there again.   	1
10102	Second position review . Best cups of coffee served here n cookies are fresh n the chicken nuggets extra crispy . Come check them out.	5
10103	I had messed up a order and I called them to tell him that I want to cancel the order and get a refund but the first time I called no one answer the phone the second time I called it answer with a ring but no one talked and that  happened to third time too I don't know what's going on. The phone is probably broken but I still want my refund	2
10104	"I just left this location about 15mins ago. I was very unsatisfied the Big Mac bun smelled and tasted like chemicals or did not taste like a Big Mac and I                           m upset because I really wanted that, I spent almost $6 just "	1
10105	"Didn't go inside this time, wanted to use restroom, they were closed. And...they ARE NOT open 24 hours, ever. They dining room closes ridiculously early. Drive thru isn't 24 hours either.
Service usually isn't too good here. I come here for Uber Eats a lot. One night, three times this same location. Service was slow all three times!"	2
10106	"Came here to eat and although it was packed, had a great experience.  The staff were very friendly/attentive and clean overall."	5
10107	"We wait too long for our food, the staff not friendly kind of rude, and others macdonalds  I've visit are the same!"	3
10108	Closes at 5 what can I say no atmosphere. But food was hot and tasty like it should be.	3
10109	This McDonald I believe this was the one down in La they are always so nice I don't even eat McDonald's right now but my uncle eats it and I go there for him to get his breakfast sometimes he likes it and they're so nice	5
10110	They were calling numbers out of sequence and I had to wait additional ten minutes as I watched other people get there before me and they ordered way behind me I won't be going back to that one ever again.	5
10111	First time inside this McDonald's and used the touch screen to order my meal. The employees were so helpful with friendly smiles. My order was quick and helpful. The only negative was i ask for a mayo package and was told that this place do not carry it but will give me a side of mayo for $0.30 cents. I guess 30 cents well spent.	3
10112	"Bad service. Messed up my order. I tried to call them to get my money back they never picked up the phone, just bad service overall! Never going there again."	1
10113	Weird to review a McDonald                           s	5
10114	"I went to this McDonalds . Ordered two deluxe spicy chicken sandwiches with fries and drinks .

The chicken was HARD , the fries were burnt . Only the soda was acceptable            "	1
10115	"Ordered 3andwiches and a lemonade in drive thru.  After 15 minutes got 2andwiches and a ""sprite"" which was a plain soda water."	2
10116	"Came on specially for an ice-cream cone. I was told that the machine was not working.
Very Disappointed"	1
10117	Typical McDonald's food service is ok not the worse to be in dtla atmosphere varies since the security takes care of business.	4
10118	The breakfast at McDonald's is always a hit. The pancakes are fluffy and the sausage is juicy.	5
10119	"They might be opened 24/7 but they only accept cash after 11pm, they don                           t allow you to use the McDonalds app past a certain time (they                           ll tell you to ca"	1
10120	This is a very nice and clean McDonald's with very fast service and now you can fill your own soda which is a bonus. Thanks Ronald.   	5
10121	Very slow service made us wait more thank our order should    	1
10122	"The food was good and fast, Dine-in a bit noisy lol"	5
10123	"Was served about an hour-old stale fries.  have to order your fries unsalted at this location for a fresh batch.
McDonalds is all about fries...  Please don                           t serve fries that                           s been sitting out for an hour.  Even McDonald                           s corporate has a rule of throwing away old batches every 7 min.  either understaffed or lazy.  Why even hire a manager or use a franchisee who doesn               "	1
10124	"I said it was an order, went to the window to pick up the food, and asked me to drive again and queue up.
never come here again"	1
10125	"Mocha frappe and hot chocolate a bit bland. Blueberry muffin was good. Service prompt, employee nice."	3
10126	He told us we have to go back around to order a Coke and then they forgot one of my frappuccinos but the wine was out and down the street in LA I called the manager over she took care of it right away at least the frappuccino I didn't worry about the soda my honey didn't need one anyways bad for you but every non-stop there everything was fine and it was up to par	4
10127	Hot                      	5
10128	This McDonald                           s is a mess. They ran	1
10129	"Good, fast and great workers! But sketchy people around due to the greyhound, and local bums.. But they do have top flight security around, so all around ok"	4
10130	Food is fine just dont walk outside as the area is filled with odd characters and not safe. Inside are people sleeping in the reaunt and staff doesnt care so drive thru is recommended!	1
10131	Very small McDonalds with security and nice staff.  Bathrooms are accessible and clean. Primarily a drive thru though	4
10132	"Typical McDonald's, very fast and efficient 90% of the time. Besides less fortunate people begging for money at every turn of the new drive through it is a well oiled machine..."	3
10133	Don't eat here it's bad for you.	2
10134	"The McDonalds at this location served our order quickly and right off the grill. The staff was aloof and incapable of paying any attention to the customers in the dining area. I had to request napkins as they forgot to give them. They gave me two. I had to ask again later during the meal and again they gave me two. But on the third trip I would  hope te wpuld givenl me four, no onlyntwo."	5
10135	"Bad service, I told the attendant 5 times what I wanted, he was Hispanic and he never wanted hear me with attention what I wanted to order, I went to the window and I told the black lady, and she understood very well my order so, when I got to receive my order, one of the items was incorrect                              "	1
10136	I love sitting in the sun after going through the drive-thru getting the oatmeal and a coffee for breakfast with my husband.	5
10137	"Food is good, staff is nice. It's still drive thru only with no explanation. Drive thru is fast with two lines. Convenient for travelers of Greyhound and city line."	5
10138	"The food was ok. It's McDonald's. Though I really am surprised on how the place looked. They may be remodeling the place. It's just not how I'm use to seeing McDonald's. Not just McDonald's,but most fast food places around the country. Of course there are exceptions. This place really drops the ball. It's very sad to see. This place looks like a dump. These are very strong words I regret to say. Though they are very accurate. I should have taken pictures."	1
10139	"The food was fresh, it was surprisingly clean, very friendly."	4
10140	"Usually are pretty good. Except my last visit, I had ordered a box of cookies. They messed up and gave me a bag which had 3 cookies in it.

I emailed them and they still haven                        "	4
10141	"Very great , not crowded at this location"	5
10142	"If it were possible to give negative s. Theirs would still be off the chart.
******
It never fails that I am not returning my order.. And PLEASE.TEACH CASHIERS TO COUNT BACK CHANGE... IM ALWAYS SHORT!!!!"	1
10143	The cashier was confused. I was so upset that I left without eating.	1
10144	I ain't never been here dawg	1
10145	"Four Quarter Pounder hamburgers, and a large fry 30$,  McDonald's is expensive."	2
10146	Wow the service is great the speed n the food quality.  100% I've visit 3 times in the last month. Same experience all three times. Thank you.	5
10147	"Very distracted cashier in the morning , not sure if she was in something"	1
10148	"Good customer service, fast service and very patient."	4
10149	"This is place is always crowded with homeless ppl and their belongings. The clerk taking your order is always impatient as if they have something way better to do than assist you, and to top it off the dining hours end at 5pm so if you're not driving through drive thru, tough luck.. save your money and go to another local McDonald's or the Farmer Boys less than a block away."	2
10150	"The difference in taste of the meat from the Big Mac to the quarter pounder was astronomical. Like it didn't even come from the same type of animal! So will not be doing the Big Mac again. They were fast and they were friendly, but still McDonald's."	4
10151	"Homeless was harassing my uber customer and I told the person who took the orders at the window, black African American guy, and he didn't care to say something to the homeless. It's a dangers spot, especially at night. I hope the corporate office does something about it. Homeless guy was cleaning the windshield of a car that litterly on the drive through and he was at next to the window while he was cleaning the windshield. Employee never said a word to the homeless. I thought I was in a gas station for a moment. Very poor service. Fire the employee. Saturday night at 1am"	1
10152	"Update: give a raise to the cashier and everyone who taking out the trash in this heat!

Always empty in the morning which is good if your in a hurry , also staff is super friendly"	5
10153	"Ronald McDonald must of had a store meeting with their employees....BIG IMPROVEMENT ! Hot food ,good service , CLEAN dining room and no more bad attitude make McDonald's great again"	5
10154	Placed a mobile order and it went through. I ordered large fries but then the manager refused to give me my order because their system was down. I showed her my order and she still refused. She said I should cancel it. When I asked how she said she didn't know how. Horrible service	1
10155	Way over priced. They recycle their fries now because every time I go to one of these places the fries are cold and chewy. The double cheeseburgers taste as though they were microwaved. I don't know I think they're trying to save money or something but it's not going to work for me anymore. Especially at the sky high prices. Sorry no can do	1
10156	Okay sanitary don't like the car too much videos nice clean	3
10157	The inside is always closed and never open the drive-thru line is always long and they do not provide a sign saying that the inside of the restaurant is closed but we're paying $15 for a meal.... They also had an employee that was sitting in there I tapped on the window to ask her where they open she rode her eyes and turned her head people should do that when they're at work   	1
10158	"Got myself a mid afternoon mcafe mcompanied by a couple mcdoubles. The burgers went 1 for 2, with one being nice and warm with the other needing a microwave minute or two.  My ice coffee was Ok. Not much else left to say. Even if the food/drink isn't always 100 percent on point here, I'm still a supporter. Staff is cool , and they're trying to make it work."	3
10159	In a high crime area. Homeless begging for handouts at the drive-thru and even robberies in the parking lot. Drug paraphernalia litters the parking lot. Security is very helpful considering they have no LAPD support.	2
10160	"I recently went there having to use the restroom in a emergency, then they told me I have to purchase something saying it with a rude attitude, so I told them I left I wallet in my car can I please use it then I                           ll get my wallet and purchase something? They said no we don                           t ca"	1
10161	"If you ever order at from location to go, check that you received everything you ordered. This is the closest location to where I live so we order often from here and it's always the same problem... missing items from our order. I guess the best way to get everything you're paying for is to dine in, maybe that way you can tell them right away that they forgot the items you paid for."	1
10162	"Food was good, customer service was great, but I wish they would follow the procedures when preparing iced coffee. I got mine with no ice, and didn                     "	3
10163	The worst Mcdonalds I've been in my life. I've been here a few times but they processed my order wrong each and every time. Can't imagine what management is doing to let your employees treat customers like this.	1
10164	Macdonalds at Wilshire blvd is packed and they prepare order 5-10 mins.Here it took long time	1
10165	Why can't all McDonald's be consistent. Half the time the food is cold and displeasing to the eye. Is it even real food?                                      We'll never know. Their plain black co	1
10166	"Wow what a McDonald's! This one has all of my favorite McDonald's menu items, like cheeseburgers, double cheeseburgers, Chicken McNuggets, Big Mac, milkshakes... My gosh they have got it all. Oh yeah, they have French fries, too! And milkshakes which taste exactly like McDonald's milkshakes. I expected that they would but you know it's always nice when things go according to plan. In conclusion, if you are ever in the mood for McDonald's food, then this location will fulfill that need A+!"	5
10167	"I normally don't rate fast food giants and this location is in a noisy part at the edge of DTLA so it's a difficult location but they've screwed up so bad in the easiest way possible I have to rate them. The last two times I've been here including tonight they gave me a diet Coke. I know I need to diet and not drink so much sugar for my diabeters, but I didn't ask for a Diet Coke. The first instance they didn't bother to read back my order or verify at the window. This time they verified my order but left out the medium fries which was no big deal, but screwing up the Coke after   "	3
10168	It's not your typical McDonald's. They're over price on their menu plus they do not accept coupon or does any special like regular McDonald's. I think they feel the need to make their money from the Disneyland patron and it's ridiculous toward the regular customer's but it's all boil down to make money. Sometimes they can be rude toward the black customer but what to expect from seeing who goes into this franchise. Most of the customer that goes into this store are traveller which is mostly Caucasian	4
10169	Gave me an uncooked Mc chicken gave me food poisoning	1
10170	I'm a McDonalds fan boy and this McDonalds is my least favorite in Los Angeles if not the entire United States. It used to be average/ middle of the road as far as MCD goes but recently it's tanked and I wouldn't suggest going here anymore. I'd rather eat at the McDonalds in the airport.	1
10171	Hate having to come to this place the staff is quick but they allow people to aggressively beg for money food anything they can say the drive thru sign and all throughout the parking lot of you don't roll down your window which u have to eventually bc is a drive thru. They will come to your car and they will knock on your window as is you might not be able to hear them or know they are there already should not be allowed.   At all	1
10172	I went for breakfast it was wonderful	5
10173	my uber eats fries were older than the toe jam between my grandmas toes. and i am missing cookies i ordered... lame!	1
10174	"Really good, when I ordered & paid for an espresso shot but they were out of it(                               "	5
10175	Horrible place bad service. I ordered at 3:40am didn't get my order until 4:13 I was missing half my order and when I told them they had the nerve to say they will replace it for breakfast items because they no longer serve lunch. It's not my fault they can't do their job correct and get orders right!	1
10176	"If you are visiting this particular McDonald's you'll notice that you are very nearly in the middle of the strange no-man's (or woman's) land encompassing skid row and the new upwardly trendy lofts and shops that seek to define Download Los Angeles. This McDonald's manages to straddle this uncomfortable melange quite nicely. The inside of the restaurant was bright and clean. The counters looked new and the menu sign actually was orderly laid out with sensible photos next to the main items. I don't eat fast food often and the overhead menus always confuse me with ""super"" this and ""extra large"" that... I know that I am not getting the best price - ever. But this menu seemed far simpler, we ordered and our food was served quickly (with my special request done just right). We ate in and the table was clean as was the floor. It's true we were approached twice by people asking for money, but they were not intrusive and I had the feeling the manager and staff were well aware of who was in the restaurant and I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. The staff was so attentive that for the first time I actually filled out the online survey just to compliment them. That's quite a compliment in itself coming from me."	4
10177	"It's a nice place, I have not dined in. But even when the line looks long during the morning I can honestly say that they provide a faster service to get you out ASAP!!"	4
10178	"Saturday night is mostly a young staff working drive thru, line is always around the building, when I got to the window, I was handed 3/4 of my drink, the other drinks were all filled 3/4 full, I ordered 4 happy meals none of them had toys I asked for the toys and they did not want to give them to me. I gave them back all the happy meals and asked for new ones with toys, fries were not salted at all I could see the fry guy trying to fill the salt shaker and could not. A manager had to fill it and they never did salt them."	1
10179	Fast good customer service	5
10180	I had a bad experience here.  My son who is autistic had to use the restroom really bad.  He bolted in the women's restroom when a lady came out.  I was confronted by the security guard in an angry manner.  He said I had to buy something before using the restroom and said my son couldn't use the women's bathroom. I attempted to explain to him that my son is special needs and did not understand the symbols on the restroom door.  He argued with me and wouldn't shut his mouth.  Before I left I  bought a meal for each member of my family.  While waiting for our meal he ed at me like if he wanted some trouble.  I explained to him that it's frustrating when people can't see the situation parents with special needs go through.  I apologized to him for getting angry and made him aware of the treatment we get at some establishments.  Hopefully he learned a little about how to understand and deal with certain situations.	3
10181	"Rude manager, forced me to go in drive line full of cars with my bike. Even though it's an online order and was being made. Irrational and no manners."	1
10182	Quick fresh food! Stop here every time I hop on a greyhound	5
10183	"Security kicked us out because ""it was past 5 o'clock, dinning room closes at 5 and he doesn't get paid OT.
Staff were chuckling that we were upset."	1
10184	"The food at this location is usually hot and fresh. Services usually quick. Today however my breakfast sandwich had a lot of egg shells in it. That doesn't usually happen, but you still have to be careful nonetheless"	4
10185	I'm catching the Greyhound across the street and can't order breakfast until 9 a.m. This is ludicrous.  Now I'm not sure when I'll be able to eat again.  Most restaurants cater to the location. If you have a bus station around the corner set your danm hours according to their schedule.	1
10186	"I work a couple blocks away and go here like three or more times a week. Lately, they have been letting me down. I understand mistakes happen but if I come back the next day and say                            hey, you charged me for a double quarter pounder and only gave me a regular quarter pounder                            maybe don                           t tell me yeah well if you don    "	2
10187	The food was good   	5
10188	Walked up to the drive thru window and the two ladies were very courteous and polite. I almost flirted but it was too early for that at a lil after 5 am walked from the greyhound station and ordered hot caramel macchiato killing ng time till my bus leaves.	5
10189	"Just used the restroom here, glad they let me cuz I was far from home. Usually places don               "	5
10190	"Fries were old and Luke warm. My burger was smashed and tasted days old. Also, with a human hair hanging off the side."	1
10191	"I mean McDonald's is McDonald's as far as the food is concerned fast , delicious and convenient. The only problem with this particular McDonald's is the homeless population which of is no fault of McDonald's but you just have to be alert when going through the drive thru or dining in this location it can be quite dangerous at times the pan handlers can be very aggressive at times and confrontational. So beware if you come to this location."	2
10192	"The staff is very friendly , and helpful which is hard to come by at a McDonald's . This place has had the best service out of any I have ever been to.  Thanks for the great service.,"	5
10193	"Could only take cash. I hardly remember the feel of actual cash. I think it was a little rough... a little clothy... but the SMELL of cash... I can never forget the smell... Either way, couldn't order."	1
10194	I just want to say that the level of customer service provided to me this evening by Orlando and Enrique was absolutely amazing they really care about their is wanting to just throw food in the bag it's another thing to give hot food in an experience I thank you	5
10195	"The restaurant is ok but one employee is weird he kept
trying to flirt with me and I'm a minor not to mention he
kept trying to scare another employee in the back she
looked uncomfortable but the employees name was
Bryan I think but he was tall and was light skinned"	1
10196	I went to this McDonalds . Ordered two deluxe spicy chicken sandwiches with fries and drinks!	1
10197	I absolutely never eat fast food but I couldn't find parking in little Tokyo and made one wrong turn then ended up within view of the golden arches. I then proceeded to order an oreo mcflurry. It was satisfactory.	5
10198	I go to this McDonald                           s a lot of times and never had a problem until tonight. I ordered a McMuffin like always but this time the quality was not there. The bread was hard to bite and not fresh at all. It seems like they just	1
10199	"I love that there's never a long line,and I can order and it be ready nice and fresh and fast!"	5
10200	"THEE worse kind of employees I've ever experienced -- food always cold & obviously not fresh when I do finally receive it after a long wait. Homeless people everywhere begging for cigs, money and not food which I offered to give one of the homeless my left overs but he declined even though he was asking for money for food to buy -- obviously that was a lie and really didn't want the money for food."	1
10201	"Super hectic and busy! Yet despite that, the staff were very friendly and kept their cool. If you go there and it takes a little bit to get your food? Chances are they're swamped, so give em a break. Yeah?"	5
10202	"Car ordering not so great. Walk in was quick, and especially clean all around."	4
10203	"Ver small dinning area, most orders to go, many people who are traveling by greyhound go for last meal before leaving town."	4
10204	"TERRIBLE service. Stopped by this place 3 times at about 1am hour. First time the lady messed up my order so bad and when I asked her to correct it she still got it wrong. But hey...it was 1am I get it. Nope...came back a week later and this time the drive thru person couldn't understand English at all. I tried and tried to get her to understand my order and nothing. I have no problems with the language barrier but this was just unacceptable for a window worker. Third time was tonight. Got here early this time - they close at 9pm. It was 8:30 and doors were already locked inside and out. The worker just stood their ignoring everyone even though they are supposed to close 30 min from now.

In summary
1- untrained workers who either cant speak English/dont pay attention to orders
2- service takes FOREVER
3- lazy and disorganized workers who close way too early.

Avoid this place!!!"	1
10205	The worst McDonald's to ever exist. Infested with homeless people. Laziest workers. Horrible customer service. Its a miracle they are even operating. Takes them 10 minutes per customer. So much for fast food. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this horrible establishment	1
10206	"It was great other than the soda options weren't the best not much to choose from should definitely have root beer as an option, I think they should get the new touch screen soda dispenser there that had plenty of soda options to choose from would be very nice."	4
10207	"Told them tonight to make my 10 chicken nuggets ""made to order "" and Bam !!! Had the best ,hot, juicy, crunchy and tender nuggets I've had since this pandemic ted.  Woooooooo hooooooo . F#$king bomb diggity.  I took the previous ""3"" I gave 8 months ago and turned it to 5 only because I got what exactly I asked for .lol ... I tip my hat off to you night staff for the execution delivered.  Like Arnold Schwarzenegger once said ... ""I'll be back "" I'm Jason Morimoto and this statement is true."	5
10208	"Worst location and the employees are lazy. Rent a cop dude wants to act like he owns the lobby. Closed way before time all due to their laziness. All peasantry working at this location. No sense of customer service, ting with the managers themselves."	1
10209	"Due to covid19, no sitting inside. Really needed to use restroom, had to buy something (which is not at all how Mcdonald's across the US operates) they make money from their orders from the long line of drive thru's, cut the families some slack. 6 people in my family, spending the day in LA and was just grateful to see McDonald, but no. Come to find out local shops more open and friendly than this."	1
10210	Do not go here for lunch worst service in Los Angeles and dirty restaurant gross Cashiers have attitudes and never get your order right two thumbs down and negative s just stay your lazy behind home if you don't want to work and do your job right.	1
10211	Drive thru multiple times after midnight and they know you. All my extras are now pretty much already in the bag. Don't have to ask anymore(for the most part)     	5
10212	"Terrible service
Receipt does not print out
No table service
Forgot hash brown
Forgot late

All this on an order for 2 people!"	1
10213	Always love me some McDonald                           s that place is good no matter w	5
10214	Everything went quickly done was well.	4
10215	"It's McDonald's you get what you pay for, this particular one is relatively quick and I have no complaints."	3
10216	2nd time coming and same quality kind of food. Stale fries so dry so black. The sweet iced tea tastes like someone did not clean it before making the drink. Time stamp 12:50 pm.  I warn everyone do not eat here.	1
10217	Worst McDonald's I ever been at...twice that I been there they for got part of my orders...They really don't care about the customer...whenI asked about my missing part of the order they looked at me like what else   	1
10218	Great discounts on big macs	5
10219	Fool's not hot enough expensive when you ask him to give you a burger and you tell him no ketchup no pickles no onions and then they give you anytime you want mayonnaise lettuce and tomato they charge you extra	1
10220	Horrible horrible avoid this place 15 mins to place a order thru drive thru!!!! Sitting inside isn't available	1
10221	Ordered tonight and it took too long to be delivered and then it was completely wrong. Tried calling and no answer. Get it together!	1
10222	"I'm from a foreign place and I just happened to stop in this McDonalds for a quick bite. These are the things I noticed. #1. Active on site security inside the establishment. I felt like I was being scrutinized. I assume shady things go on here. #2. I found out this McDonalds is located in an area called skid row. #3. The price of the food here is above the average price of the rest of the united states of america. #4. There isn't really a lot of friendly interaction between the clerk and the guest as well. For the most part this is what I gathered from this place. Taking into account that it was the first and only time I've been there. Not a good representation for Los Angeles for it being so close to the Greyhound bus station portal. If its any consolation , I received my food hot and it was good."	2
10223	Best McDonald                           s! Their soda is the cleanest. Al	5
10224	"Fast customer service.
Manager is friendly. They treat homeless with equal respect. Thumbs up for that! Fries were not as good as I expected. Thats why I give 4 points."	4
10225	Good morning how are you the court orders as here by the Jan Richardson from the Ronald McDonald House which is the control of infectious disease for Nevada returns to Department at the health department she turns it all her certification cards and she surrenders she's never allowed to work in health which human services can only be attached to a volunteer program meaning she cannot access databases she can be a friendly warm but she cannot use anybody's information that mean she's not allow cheese no computers or cell phones or telephones for her safety and the safety this date she turns over her rights as he and she is now a volunteer for the states that way she'll stay alive and live a lot longer and she'll never play with the Northside have a great day and God bless you guys bye bye release everybody holding have a good day bye	5
10226	"Do not go to this McD, so nasty! I don't understand how anyone can eat inside this place, it smelled like rotten fish! We paid 25c to get in the restroom which it's fine because there are some many homeless out side they want to keep them from using them, even though they were also dirty they did not smell  as bad as the  dinning! So we went in used rr n left!gross. Outside this guy chased us to our car asking for money"	1
10227	One of the only McDonald's that get my order right. They are always super nice. My favorite location.	5
10228	Sad to say the slightest customer service I got here was from the security guard food here is horrible server/cashier need to be fired get ignore for the talk to among their selves than act like working but just standing around.Ive gave better customer service when I've worked at a McDonald's before.This just my experience nothing can change my mind to ever to come back to this location again	1
10229	Is my favorite restaurant                       	5
10230	"I don't love it. It's an unfortunate weakness in my DNA that I can't be hungry. I was a hungry child and find myself eating fatty foods just to feel full longer. I know it's bad. It's only a convenience to go to McDonald's and it's cheap. I will try harder to be organic. It's what I dream of. Gold? No. I'm more of a silver lady. Arches? Again, No. Absolutely nothing memorable about MO. (Misery)"	5
10231	Fast and very good service just don't like the homeless people that's hangs out there	3
10232	I do not like this place me and my two grandchildren went to eat and  we asked if we can please get the table clean and they took 10min to 25min just to clean the tables we kept asking them but they did not clean the tables we asked for it to go because they were working slow than we get the fries bured we said hey can we get fries the are cooked 100% they said sorry all we have is burned fries we had wait even more longer to get our fresh fries	1
10233	"Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Every time I go there I Feel as though I am being judged because I decide ro walk to it after I get out or work after 10pm. They are very rude and never plesejt nor fonthey saybtyank you or have manora what so ever. I was flat out refused service one time because I walked to this place and needed to go through the drive through.
I have a perfectly working car but use that time to exercise by walking down there.
I'm also asked at least twice before and twice after I get my food for money every single time I to there by people asking for a hand outs. Its very uncomfortable. That is not an exaggeration either. Can't the security who work there try protecting your customers from being harassed instead of being on their cell phone all the time?
You guys are literally my last option when it comes to getting some thing to eat around where I live because of how uncomfortable it is to go there. There's a lot of people who avoid this place for those reasons too. I'm defiantly not the only one."	1
10234	They was nice but no more $1.00 food on the menu I was not very happy about this with me living on a goverment check so I don't have to much money when I was told that they stoped the dollar menu so with me not having to much money I got some thing to eat no I wouldn't go back to no McDonald's because of no more dollar menu I will be going to like Burger King they have a dollar menu or Jack In The Box the meal are a lot cheaper than McDonald's I think they lost their minds not having the dollar menu no more other than that they was very nice because I'm in a power wheelchair	4
10235	I've never actually gone inside this location but I use the drive thru fairly regularly. It's a pretty busy spot but even before they put in the dual-lane ordering system the service was always quick.	4
10236	"The absolute worst McDonald's I've ever been to. And I'm not one to complain. Every time I've been through the drive-thru, I've had to wait nearly 30 minutes for my food. And every time I'm speaking into the drive thru window, the person taking my order needs to repeat my order to me several times due to the language barrier. On top of that, I attempted to go eat in-store about 20 minutes ago and found that the lobby was already closed. The lobby was not to be closed until 9 p.m., and they closed it about 30 minutes prior. I have not had any positive experiences at this particular McDonalds. Corporate needs to do something about this location."	1
10237	"Worst service ever. Took 35 minutes to get through the drive through and both window 1 guy & window 2 girl gave me attitude. Window 1 couldn't get my order right and their drive through screen didn't display my simple order. And then Window 2 lady gave me the wrong sauce EVEN AFTER CONFIRMING WHAT I ASKED FOR WITH HER! Fire all of them, shut down this location, and board up the building. Do it now."	1
10238	Drive thru service is always slow at this location.  I paid for my order at 645am (and i know because i have my receipt) but i got my food at 703am (and this i know because i had to return a juice at 704am and i have a receipt for that as well)... 20 minutes of wait aside from the extra time i had to wait in line to get to the order speaker and then to the paying window.                                       the only reason i waited is because i like to leave	2
10239	Homeless fighting in parking lot and harassing customers for money. Dining area is messy and dirty. It took 15 minutes to get my order. A worker was behind the counter eating ice cream cone dripping it all over the place and herself	2
10240	They got my whole order wrong even after we corrected them they still purposely messed up the order leaving out some ingredients. One of the employees told me that everyone was mad because they have to go to another store to pick up their checks. Don            	1
10241	Food is always hot the servi  ce is good never had to complain been going there for years	5
10242	"Had the mcdonald's egg, sausage cheese meal, along with my girlfriend for a quick breakfast before heading home from L.A to San jose, it hit the spot since i was in a hurry!   "	4
10243	They order for you on the touch screen if theyre busy. The only McDonald's I tried where their hash brown didnt come out hot and fresh! Very disappointed and will not order breakfast at this location!	4
10244	"It's ok. Not the fastest, no play area, not the best neighborhood, lots of loitering, but drive through is open late and is generally quick, and often accurate."	3
10245	"If I could I wouldn't even give one  to this location , employees are very rude and disrespectful. I dont understand how they get away by not getting discipline .
They need a huge training on customers satisfaction skills .otherwise they should look for a different kind of work where they dont have to be seen to avoid their behavioral issues at the workplace"	1
10246	Homeless people harass you while at the drive thru to buy them food. Very sad situation.	1
10247	They cool no handle picking up from they me.	4
10248	"Every time I go to this McDonalds near me they are rude and never smile. I don't mind so much but once in a while would be nice. It's the first place I came to eat once I moved here which wasn't a good sign and completely turned me off from a place I used to love to come to eat at.
Plus the homeless situation is out of control here. How about the security Dallas get off their phone and do their job? I literally haven't gone since in weeks because I'm asked for either a smoke, money or food every single time I go through drive-through. I'm sorry but I can't be buying someone else food everytime I go here. I just can't afford it."	1
10249	Stopped for a quick meal in between bus stops.  They provided quick service and thankfully no errors on the food order.  Appreciated that the diner was relatively clean.	4
10250	I tried curbside delivery using the McDonald's app and it worked. The only problem is that there are only 2 delivery spots and regular eat-in customers park in them. That defeats the purpose. Inside the place was clean and there are 2elf-service ordering kiosks.	4
10251	Everytime I go there the orders are always mixed up. But it's ok	3
10252	"Gosh the ""manager"" Claudia has a nasty ghetto attitude. She has no idea of what leave your problems at home is. I had order a quarter pounder combo and the cashier charged me wrong. when i pull to the second window of the drive through she said W/ATTITUDE ""YOU OWE ME"" 5omething. I asked why was she screaming and been rude and she kept talking giving attitude to me and immediately took it after the 1st cashier. Wow.. Coming to this spot NEVER AGAIN. I should of gone to Urth yet so close.. smh.."	1
10253	Great service. The only reason it is 4 and not 5 ia because of the homeless people who are never satisfied. If you give them a dollar they ask for another one. If no money is available then they ask for cigs. If no cigs are available they ask for food last. Im getting tired of it.	4
10254	"The ebt machine did not work so I used cash but they couldn't give me the correct change because they were out so they tried to short me at first .. I did not get syrup with my breakfast, the sink did not work in the restroom, the security guard was cursing at the customers who are all homeless people, a lady hooked up speakers in the restroom.. I don't get it, I felt like I was in the twilight zone"	1
10255	Good Big Mac and fries.	5
10256	Very nice inside and clean.... But why do they allow homeless people just to sit and not purchase food? Paying customers need to sit! Not coming to this location again.	2
10257	Computer says no. No walking through the drive through even though I identify as a car.	1
10258	What a rippoff?  I order a quarter pounder.  There was no lettuce.  Looked like a small cheese burguer.   Ugly French fries.  In Canada I could eat a better meal than this.	1
10259	"If i could give them 0 ts i would, they messed up my order and then when i took it back it took them another 10 min to re do it. Plus i was waiting for my order the first time for like 6-10 min, it was thru drive thru. Not satisfied at all"	1
10260	"My go to place where I can have my all time favorite cheeseburgers, fish burger and mocha frappe are just a few..and it's close to where I am so it's always best in McDonalds wherever you may be. And of course it should be."	5
10261	"Really enjoyed everything about this establishment. Orders are rapid fast and accurate.I had 2 ice cream cones, but I was paying attention to everyone andwhat they were ordering and minimal complaints"	5
10262	"Fries under cooked
Chicken nuggets over cooked,  always messing up my order and this us 4th time ,never coming back just horrible service."	1
10263	The store in particular was receiving supplies so they were down to 1 drive thru which impacted service but overall it was a standard McDonald's experience.	3
10264	Im giving it a 1  because i bought a lot of burgers and fries and they only gave me 2 ketchups. I asked for more ketchup the worker said they cant give more it was  mcdonalds  rules.  MCdonalds is making it hard to enjoy these burgers and fries with no ketchup.	1
10265	There is a security guard/cop standing around and he makes me feel unsafe for some reason. A black bum was harrassing me and tell cop looked on. It's not walker friendly as there is a gate around the outside. At least it was clean on the inside.	2
10266	"I've always loved McDonald's food, as long as it was prepared correctly. Not all locations taste the same. This location is one at the top of the list for great food, friendly staff, clean restaurant/bathrooms."	5
10267	"Coffee was great, and oatmeal was great. But small portions of the large   "	5
10268	Ya                           ll need to check yourself on those prices.  Nobody is g	1
10269	"This downtown McDonalds was a surprise.  I wanted coffee before work (first time in this area) and saw it up the street.  Friendly, professional employees and a clean well maintained calm atmosphere."	5
10270	"I always love going home to LA and visit this McDonald                           s location. The food is always fresh, hot, and served quickly. This is my favorite go-to spot when I was a child back in my ho"	5
10271	"This is where I go to get my morning crack (frappuccino). Very friendly staff. Sometimes its hectic,  because of the area and the locals. Also lots of customers. Even  then it's a fast trip, in and out."	5
10272	This place is very nice! The stuff is awesome! My kids were very picky about their food but stuff did a great job! It is very clean place and friendly atmosphere!	5
10273	"Went they drive thru, although they couldn't make my food the way I normally get it, the service was very good. Fast and friendly,food was neat and will made."	5
10274	"This McDonald's has 2 Drive-Thru Lanes that help to speed things up. However, there's always at least 1 or more homeless persons standing nearby ready to ask for money.

The sausage burritos never really seem fresh.. The ends are hard. This is my experience time and time again when coming to this McDonald's. For the record, I'm usually ordering a sausage burrito about 6 a m. so I would imagine that it would be fresher?                  "	3
10275	The friendliness  alone is the resons I go to this micky Dee's every Monday.  Apple pies . Hot fries.  Recommend tiping.	5
10276	"Worst people serving . I think the homeless people are nicer . And I'm upset because the guys act as though I'm not going to pay for the toy I asked for.  This is a horrible place to eat . So just take your food yo go , here."	1
10277	"I sat in the dining room before ordering any food for 5 minutes to catch my breath after walking 5 miles. Security guy approached me saying "" hey man  if you want to sit in here you need to buy something right now if not u need to go back the way you just came"". Guess what I'm the one who decides what, when and where do I buy something."	1
10278	Worst service ever! Walk up to counter wasnt acknowledged at all. Went to electronic order screen still had to walk to counter to pay took a # for sit down order they didnt bring my food and called out wrong # plus no where to charge phones at all....	1
10279	They need too go back too school and learn how too count they give you the wrong change and still take forever. COUNT YOUR CHANGE PEOPLE BEFORE YOU LEAVE.	1
10280	Macdonald on Alameda and seven street employees can eat inside but customers not so don't go there you can't eat inside   	1
10281	"Food predictable -- it's McDonald's. However, I went through drive-up and had 2 vagrants panhandling at my window WHILE I WAS TRYING TO PAY!!  A SECURITY GUARD STOOD BY AND SAID NOTHING, and server said nothing. I told them to get away from my window, and one got loud and stupid. Finally the server told them, ""Wait over there or i won't serve you."" They moved. If i was with my family, i would have never opened my window, then left without paying. Since it was just me and my dog, and i was hungry, i put up with their nonsense."	2
10282	Just order from here with uber eats for the first time and i received my food in a timely fashion but while i was eating my big mac i found a hair in it i made a complain to uber and i have called McDonald's 4 times and no one picks up the only reason i dont go to the store and complain is because im at work and cant leave my job active security guard	1
10283	I didnt eat here i just stopped to use the restroom which I didn't want to but there was nowhere else to go so I had to go here anyways surprisingly the bathroom was very clean and the restaurant inside looked clean inside also now the outside is a differnt story alot of homeless and people asking for money in the parking lot and it smells like pee but what do you expect so close to downtown and the greyhound	3
10284	The slowest drive true that ever been. I was in line for about 20 and they were only 4 cars ahead of me	2
10285	"Holy wow! The lattes here are super delicious!

Spanish latte - creamy but not milky latte with a hint of cinnamon that isn't overpowering!

Lavender matcha latte - strong matcha flavor that compliments the lavender. It's not milky at all! I really like floral matcha"	4
10286	"WINDOW STAFF PERSON SAID THEY DID NOT RECEIVED AN ONLINE PICKUP ORDER?  WE HAD AN ONLINE ORDER NUMBER?
WT???!!"	1
10287	Worst Mc Donald's especially the male security guard he is rude to most clients...and lots of homeless inside and outside this restaurant	1
10288	"Always loving McDonald. Even it was super busy, all staffs were calm and helpful. Nice cold inside even had to wait to get seat. Food was great & fast."	5
10289	It's a good place to talk	4
10290	"A smaller than average McDonald's,  but it has all of the menu items of any McDonald's.  There is a mini Playland for children under about 5 years old, but I recommend mandatory adult supervision since there are some hard surfaces. There is a drive-thru. There are about 20 parking spaces on the small corner lot. Otherwise it is a McDonald's----   "	3
10291	Person came out to help me in the drive-through I do great employee She was very helpful	4
10292	Nice to know Mac Donald's has not changed even  when I  travel to LA.  Good fish sandwich               	5
10293	"I super love the McDonald Cheese Burger. I'm always satisfied with McDonald's Cheese Burger & Chicken, and of course the fries.

Staff are very accommodating, will surely back here again   "	5
10294	Please fix that toilet door!	4
10295	Horrible order on mobile app and it charged my card when  ho too pick up General Manager says they never got the order then I cancel it and reorder it does the same then never got anything if I can give then a no  I would	1
10296	I assume you need a high school diploma to work at McDonalds. But this place never gets the order right. Asked for two iced coffees. One with sugar and the other without. I got 2 coffees with no sugar. And top it off no straws. Thanks McDonalds for making it harder for us so you can get your 15 an hour. Geeesh Loouuiiies you guys should ve getting paid 8 an hour. No questions asked.	1
10297	"Worse designed for cistomers the confusion of where to stand no order or pick up area counters too hi in ice cream area, tables are
badly placed just looks messy..& with all bells & beeps going off all day, annoying to customers & nerve wracking for wrks
.improved equipment is to be
..updated"	2
10298	"Great fast foodie, we all know mc Dee's."	5
10299	Service is good and it was finally remodeled. Its right near the grayhound bus station. With the area on its way to transformation as well as the arts district right there none of these artsy restaurants can replace Mc Donald's ever  .	4
10300	"Good service,  helpful with my order when I have order a double quarter pounder with an extra patty and at first I seen two and I ask the cashier which was very respectful and helpful for me to have a smile while I ate my meal,

Thank you MC Donalds"	5
10301	Easy to get to and plenty of parking. Drive through is easy to exit from. There's a bus stop next to it. The staff is fast and friendly. It's usually busy and clean.	5
10302	This location is busy but overall parking is easy and the staff are nice.	5
10303	Love the morning staff they always make me feel good when I pull up for my morning coffee and est great job team!!!!	4
10304	"Clean, friendly, fast. Greatest coffee & love breakfast options. Wish the egg whites breakfast bowl was still available."	5
10305	"Although the food was fresh and I received plenty of ketchup, Their soda fountain beverages were expired. Every single one of them."	2
10306	Did NOT have the ONLINE PICK UP ORDER for a Grave Shift Co-Worker!   SHAME ON YOU!	1
10307	"How is this place still open? Staff doesn                           t have their hair properly tied (and should be using a hair net), the ones touchin"	1
10308	so gooood	5
10309	The people working hard and sometimes forget smailing to customer that wont make then bad just the m                  nager have to keep up with them and remind on it m 	4
10310	"McDonalds is my favorite place for the frappe and the fish burger, cheeseburger, nuggets, breakfast is simply the best for me... they have the sprite, the new flavor  which i love and a couple of stores i find sold... so its an institution here in america and McDonald's is 1 of those Mr. Trump likes ..."	5
10311	McDonald's in Lone Pine has the worst service I've ever seen. It takes forever to get your order. And this is not a one time thing. I've been several times with various people.	1
10312	Home invaded ... Victim My Main Ag Enforcement San Antonio and John and Michelle..I got A call from store and Was very Argument Profile on My big Mac having cookie size Patty two at five USD price no value or combo meal and I instructed argue staff conduct to look at drive thru Advertisement Picture Advertisement is outside of buns..	5
10313	The fat black cashier can't get my order right. The 10pcs Chicken Niggets will cost you 6 bucks That too much.	1
10314	"1 / 10 / 20. 5:19 P.M.
I WAS REALLY SURPRISE OF THE INCREDIBLE SERVICE BY LISA SHE TOOK THE TIME TO HELP ME GET THE BEST DEAL THANKS LISA FOR YOU'RE EXELENT SERVICE I WILL KEEP IN MIND LISA"	5
10315	Very slow leave customers waiting to order inside while they tend to drive through lot of flys didn't get orders right people complaining	3
10316	How they give me a damn happy meal without the gd nuggets smdh!!	1
10317	"Went in to get some Water, ""Was walking on a Hot day"" and Two Older ""Ladies we're about to Throw Down"".
Walk pass this Place if you are not Strapped or Carrying a BLADE."	1
10318	"Just got sprayed a bunch of liquid when going thru the drive thru. Apparently the employees were spraying each other with water as a joke, and it got me instead."	1
10319	This good isn't good for anyone if you can avoid at all costs	1
10320	Be careful if you visit this location late night.  Homeless indiviiduals stand at the drive-thru speaker agressively panhandling.  Better to drive to the Olympic / Central McDonalds.  More secure.	3
10321	"Clean establishment, polite staff, really great food options.  I can't find anything to complain about."	5
10322	Gave me the wrong cafe latte.	2
10323	They wouldn't serve me at drive through because I don't have a car & am homeless.  That is inhuman & illegal.  I ll ve to death then.  I haven't eaten in 2 days.	1
10324	"This place was clean, but my order of a large drink and small fries took 16 minutes. There were only two  people ahead of me."	3
10325	I do not care to come to this McDonald's location it's filthy	3
10326	Their bathroom facilities were horrible... No food place should have that much disgust; makes you think about not eating there!!	1
10327	"Buy a 1/4 pounder get another for a buck,good deal. There ahak2s are goood,and they have plastic straws"	4
10328	"I stopped by for a number 1 at McDonald's and got a cold big Mac and a hard bun, In n Out has never given me a cold burger, I should know better."	1
10329	"The food is what you'd expect, is great. Its McDonald                           s so it              "	5
10330	Staff was friendly and helpful... Location is not ideal so be careful. Everything else the same as any other McDonald's....	4
10331	"The expression on the clerk's face is like you owe him a lot of money. There are many homeless inside and outside the store, and the dining environment is very bad."	1
10332	"The dining area was not clean, and there were drug addicts, and homeless people in the dining area asking for food. security just sat around harassing African Americans."	1
10333	Apple pies not the same	5
10334	Spanish  Security Guard is more focused on trying get. The McDonald's worker number she doing her job homeless people walk in and out there.	3
10335	Good food	5
10336	Great for a quick bite. Friendly staff	5
10337	"It's cool but there's a lot of homeless that hang around it. And I feel bad for them  but I cant help everyone,
..and that sux cuz if I could I would..."	3
10338	"Can't beat the price for their Mc Doubles & Chicken sandwiches.
Even Kumo (my multi-poo) loves a plain Mc Double burger!    "	5
10339	Did the self order through the kiosk to avoid the line and still waited almost 30min for my food due to them having given out my order to someone else the first time.	2
10340	The young black lady provided excellent customer service at approximately 6:15p.m. on 8/28/19.	5
10341	Same as all McDonald's quick n fast and prepared the way you ask.	3
10342	Pretty quick and orders I've gotten have never been wrong and fries always hot.....	4
10343	Homeless around this one.  It's downtown LA. Order was correct. Same great taste. Screen is broken in drive thru.	4
10344	Awesome place to eat! Sometimes you won't know what all they have you just have to ask not everything that they have for sale is on the menu.	3
10345	Pros are Never had to wait to long for my order. Cons are the same for just about any place near or in downtown. There are alot of homeless around.	3
10346	Great shakes and they actually fill up your large                 	4
10347	"You guys should hire a security, the mcds on main and manchester have one just the fact that there's to many homeless making customers that want to dine in bothered other than that the customer service is awesome here"	3
10348	High prices. And the food is sub par. I don't ask for much but I do expect my food to be warm. Do better Mc Donalds.	2
10349	"Girl at the window has a attitude just because a person was going to pay with EBT ""it's says you take EBT on the internet""    "	1
10350	"As a bike deliver, they are wholesome."	5
10351	One of my go-to fast food store! The food is always delicious and fresh. The price is affordable and the workers are friendly.	5
10352	"Just recently McDonald's have made a major improvement with an upgrade, interior and exterior. Service is very fast, the food is excellent, friendly and Professional Service."	5
10353	Just didn't feel safe eating inside I guess its the area. We had a homeless man telling at us because we didn't give him money	3
10354	"Friendly staff, good food made in a timely manner at a reasonable price"	4
10355	"The employees looked high
Even the manger looked high
Management needs to drug test everyone in there"	1
10356	very crowded but fabulous customer service and very clean. Only bad thing is whoever developed the parking lot was drunk	5
10357	This is not  24 hour McDonald's. My husband and I stopped by on Friday 06/14 at 5:45AM and it was completely closed .There were no employees in there and the lights were off .	1
10358	Breakfast at 10:30am.	5
10359	"Tables trashed, floor dirty but service was good at counter.
Need more security in morning's,  excessive homeless, very bad situation"	2
10360	"ting to regain order at this location. thank you. keep up the good work. Drive-thru recommended, with doors locked.."	4
10361	Very bad service. Nip ice cream smoothies or coffee drinks at 6pm they were closed for the night.Very irritating seems to always be the case. Blah.	1
10362	It's ok I mean the food is tasty but I love my childhood memories that I made at McDonald's that's why I give it 5	5
10363	Long wait. My order was ready and they gave me the order when they felt like it. Never going to any mcds ever again.	1
10364	Mc Donald's has been a favorite of mine to eat filling meals  and a few salads selections.usualy a kids play area and the serves salads and dessert. They stop serving breakfast at 11am.	5
10365	"nice and clean restaurant , friendly service and good food"	3
10366	"Dirty simply dirty, the worst customer service. Dirty tables they dont clean. Homeless taking baths in the public restroom."	1
10367	"Too bad they were out of the new spicy sauce for the spicy nuggets, but still good service."	5
10368	"Even during their construction, they still did a good job by serving the customers with excellent service in adequate amount of time."	5
10369	Loving that curbside	3
10370	service is really slow and never gets the order right. And they are always forgetting something. And the people working there aren't always friendly or can't speak English that much.	3
10371	They accommodate UberEats by having the third window so we avoid the long drive thru line after 10pm.	4
10372	We could not believe but at this location they charged us for a coffee US$3.75. Very bad neighbourhood and employees  are just to avoid.	1
10373	Good food and good service but I wish they served milkshakes 24/7 like they do everything else.	4
10374	"Perfect for when you need a quick bite in between shopping in the Garment District and or Jewelry District! Fast, drive thru, plenty of parking!"	4
10375	"Its kinda ghetto, only use drive through as unsavory crowd hangs out inside and outside. Lots of homeless asking for handouts near the drive through window."	3
10376	Take out orders and Drive thru only. Take out orders are through the app. If u are a walk-in the doors open at 9.	3
10377	"Good experience, ready to take my order as soon as I walked in the door and explained the different specials as advertised."	4
10378	"Food was hot, tasty,and of high quality, but the tables were all dirty and bathrooms filthy"	3
10379	Needed to be cleaner I dining area place...had to grab something before grabbing bus greyhound but food was hot and behind counter was ok.	2
10380	"Quite didn't seems like a launch time , didn't feel welcome could be from present seauation timeing was great"	3
10381	Place is fine ...Service sometimes fail here .. managers and shift leaders are talking and laughing with customers waiting to order	3
10382	"""Good place ,service was very quick ,yummy food .Highly recommended!!"""	4
10383	Walking distance to my hotel by the LAX airport. Food was quick and tasty. No complaints here.	5
10384	The queues are like for sausage in the spring in these McDonald's ... as if they give them out for free ... and the employees save ...	1
10385	"Infested with homeless people, and crazy druggies!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!!! There was a naked homeless man in front of the drive thru and front door area!!! Was so bad I decided to save my money and hold my pee!!!"	1
10386	3 45 in the morning wanted coffee car at window why it take her 20 minutes to give me a cup of coffee under staffing poor girl she was very pleasant but looked a little frustrated	4
10387	This McDonald's needs help as I was getting my breakfast there was a transient sitting down on the table not buying anything a man comes in wants to sit down and eat his food that he bought and the transit try to beat him up and the man's food was all over the floor this McDonald's needs help always the homeless people have dominated this place	2
10388	"I don't know if the food's real but it's tasty and it's cheap... Thanks Mac""your real tasty clean and good..."	3
10389	Here at this McDonald's it took close to 25 minutes to get two McDoubles a dr. Pepper and an Oreo McFlurry	1
10390	Loved the new screen that takes ur order before u even get to the counter	5
10391	Took a little longer to prepare a simple Late coffee..but the actitud was good	4
10392	Busy drive-thru 24/7	5
10393	Tanisha is a 5  worker very  nice and helpful with the orders that wasnt correct	4
10394	Horrible customer service I had to wait more than 40minutes to get my food because the manager is arguing with the customer in front of me and then he threw a couple water at her and she threw one back and this is not the only time I had to wait for my food the only reason why I come to this mc Donald's is because it's near my job and there's always too many homeless people ordering at the window            	1
10395	Went in this morning they got my order all wrong charged me more then what it                           s suppose to cost . When I brought 	1
10396	Coffee is Fresh most of the time. Quick Service. In n out Fast AAA     	4
10397	Quick fast pick up .order complete nothing missed	4
10398	best fries in LA	5
10399	Good food although the person taking the order didn't speak English well.	3
10400	I think during a pandemic I would stop putting ketchup packets on top of people's fries with your dirty hands just because you have gloves doesn't mean you're not cross-contaminate people's food	1
10401	"I am loving it, fillet ok fish is perfect"	5
10402	Tons of homeless I told them no politely but the persist until u snap the security guard does nothing the McDonald's is nice and clean and employee's are friendly	2
10403	This place is clean they have security do to homeless people like that they don't let them in the store	5
10404	Not a good place to eat...all the soda was flat and watered down... the food was very cold and the inside of this restaurant smells like urine	1
10405	"Bad service, way too expensive  food cold. For 4 eggs muffins was $22.00"	1
10406	Worst service ever they don't even know how to tell you I will help you in one minute they don't deserve one  they deserve 0 s worst Mc Donalds in Los Angeles California	1
10407	picking up food for another saying that I do not eat McDonald's because of its history with human flesh being found in 75% or so of their storage facilities but besides that yeah could service	5
10408	"At least this time this particular one got my order correct, in 4 minutes or reasonable amount of time"	3
10409	"Fries are hit or miss here. Always check bag for your order before you leave, team frequently forgets your whole order."	3
10410	The employees were a little distracted by each other but the service wasn't too bad.	4
10411	"Clean, friendly staff, halfway clean bathrooms, not a great area though....food was fresh though just fyi. :)"	4
10412	"Not great food, but decently cheap. Honestly their fries are pretty good, but everything else just kinda goes downhill from there."	3
10413	Fast paced food is out quick its a fast food restaurant so dont expect much anyway	3
10414	Some of the staff can be rude and unprofessional.  But most of them are great.	5
10415	"Typical McDonald's, nothing special."	3
10416	Food took awhile to come out. Also very few tables available due lots of people having coffee at a 4 person table.	4
10417	Long time. Bad service. Dirty place.	1
10418	"Whether is 3am or 5, still takes over 15 mins to obtain a caffee request"	3
10419	"It is no longer the fast of the fast foods, or the appearance of the advertising. It has become a car factory that spewks out so called food"	5
10420	"Worst McDonald's ever.
No restroom tokens
They want u to use quarters for restrooms as they ran out of tokens....

Ghetto service for a ghetto community"	1
10421	Always can rely on McDonald's for some quick and fairly inexpensive good food.	5
10422	"A good McDonald's, but in general, this is one of the more dangerous neighborhoods I have visited.  7th and Broadway to Skid Row.  Be careful."	5
10423	Didn't get no ketchup. Who eats fresh fries with no ketchup	3
10424	Very quick service and really good food. My comfort food.	5
10425	Works for me.	5
10426	Fast service! And mobile ordering was easy	5
10427	"Hate coming here, I'm going through the drive-thru there's like multiple homeless people just knocking at your window"	2
10428	"The service was way above par.
The chicken sandwich was good enough I got a second one."	5
10429	Terrible service place was super nasty. Homeless people in the drive thru window talking to employees	1
10430	The sandwiches that they go through a lot of the meat is usually very dry and overcooked or just dried out	3
10431	"Sandwiches here were and always are freshly made. Today, the soda was mostly carbonated water, disappointed."	3
10432	"The employees are awesome here, but there are a lot a flies inside, and alot of homeless in the parking lot."	2
10433	Normal/basic same as the next McDonald's...	3
10434	Employees here yell at customers all across between cars. They always seem to be lost. I have waited for over 30min for my food before. Ugh....	3
10435	Good and fast service with plenty of space inside. Only disadvantage - in the afternoon can be a little too warm inside.	4
10436	ordered 4 mcdoubles 2 with Mayo and 2 with ketchup  they 2 with Mayo 1 with mud and 1 with ketchup. they wouldn't fix it said that's what I ordered! So Rude and ignorant!!! they don't even deserve this 1 	1
10437	Horrible !! Didn't receive the complete order and the burger wasn't done correctly and it smelled disgusting.  Will not be coming here ever in my life rather ve	1
10438	Packed like crazy around brunch time. But excellent service and nice people	4
10439	The manager and staff are great. It's clean and effecient.	5
10440	"Good promotions, this location is clean and fast service and hot food."	5
10441	The food is the same as any McDonald's in the country however the manager does not care about customer satisfaction and should probably be working somewhere else.	2
10442	    app online order took too long.	1
10443	Dine in closed and no access to public restrooms smh all bad	1
10444	"Mc Donald has not been my favorite place to eat, but their banana soothes have won me over"	3
10445	THE PLACE IS SO SO AND THEY TRY HARD TO SERVE THE PEOPLE	3
10446	not 24 hours. terrible service. not dine in	1
10447	The bathroom attendant was very vocal and helpful. I felt pampered in the stall.	5
10448	"Gotta pay a cheeseburger to use the restroom, even for an emergency lol this is the only mcdonalds that's does this."	1
10449	The lady at the door was rude about answering a question and then told me they didn't serve what I asked for anyway. So I left	1
10450	"I'm afraid this is one of the worst McD in the country, it's location means that it will be dirty.

I have gone here only to get change for the bus. Quite sad really."	2
10451	"After i  uy my food over there i asked to use the bathroom,  and they sayed you need to pay for that, they are so rude."	1
10452	"Great atmosphere, clean and very friendly staff. Keep it up."	5
10453	Too many homeless and douchbags begging for money at doors and drive thru. Not a good experience.	1
10454	"I order, then stop for 15econds at the first window and by the time I get to the second window my food is made. Magic? No just great service."	5
10455	The can be more knowledgeable of the order of operation of running a business! Nasty disposition toward the descendents ijs.....	1
10456	"It's McDonald's . Easy to order, they serve on first come first serve, just wait on the table Prices are good and affordable."	5
10457	Like every other McDonald's I have been to this one as well kept is usually trash free and I do not mind coming here all anytime	4
10458	Quick and easy great service in the drive thru	5
10459	"Decent inside, but parking is sparse and took awhile for a spot to open up"	4
10460	"Customer service is not great the prices are higher to other McDonald's , need more efficient employees , I don't recommend this McDonald's because they have prices much higher than other restaurants,"	3
10461	"Caramel iced macchiato are really good, but coffee not to strong."	4
10462	Have had issues with staff being unprofessional and rude at this location.	2
10463	Always the same quality of fast food wherever I go.	5
10464	The food was good and the people were nice.	4
10465	"A good place.
Clean, in the corner of 7th st and alameda.
Wheel chair accesible sparking"	4
10466	It's the only food place in the area if you want to eat something that isn't Greyhound food. Live entertainment provided by the homeless people and occasional bum fight.	4
10467	Food was cold and just sloppy. What do u expect being in good right.	1
10468	This McDonald's is inside Wal-Mart. Quick and friendly customer service for an iced coffee.	5
10469	I got food poisoning from the Pico de Gallo signature crafted sandwich. This is the sandwich I ate on the parking lot floor	1
10470	The help is very nice and they make good ice coffee.	5
10471	"Slow service, soda tasted watered down and flat. The eating area was not that clean food was still on tables."	2
10472	Everything is overpriced and the fountain for drinks is behind the counter. AND they charge extra for mayonaisse	2
10473	"This MacD, at Alameda & 7th is ok. Small, staff v busy but place is kept quite clean."	4
10474	Windows service Very bad rude no wear gloves touch food soda everything also rude to complain customer need wear gloves so bad experience very rude lady	1
10475	"Bad service, bad drive thru, didnt let me finish order."	1
10476	Really bad service the hash browns tast if they were just sitting there and I asked for a second bag and they gave to me with an attitude	1
10477	"Not good took long, people walked up to drive thru window were serviced ahead of me."	2
10478	Very helpful and good food. Hot and fresh!!	5
10479	Fast food.....plain and simple. Nothing any different  from other McDonald's restaurants you visit.	3
10480	The person perfectly understood what the order was and the food was bussin	5
10481	Fast... very fast. The staff ever help me when I don't know use the machine	5
10482	Service was good food with okay	3
10483	Clean great service and food was good	5
10484	Never go to this place. Very dirty and smells horrible. A lot of homeless people. I put 2 only cause of cashier smiling.	2
10485	Great hot coffee	5
10486	Honestly a great McDonald's. Fast as hell too. Give you guys props. Keep on working hard guys.	5
10487	Very bad service no napkins lame order $20 and food in the guy can't even get a napkin what a joke	1
10488	The ladies working in this location are for most part kind and accommodating.	4
10489	I sat in drive thru for 15min waiting in one line while they took orders of cars in other line .. then employee came out and put cones behind my car and blocked me in.	1
10490	Too many homeless people out side and took them like 15  mins just for some nuggets and a soda	2
10491	Chicken McNuggets hot and crispy washed down with an iced cold fountain Coke. Great location.	5
10492	A little dirty but workers were nice and respectful	4
10493	Worst McDonalds I've been to... A lot of scary people that were on drugs or something...there was even a policeman kicking out some weird guy..	1
10494	I'm so in love with there french fries	5
10495	Drive true is fast some times and well food us mc donald dont expect more	5
10496	There is a young and very heavy set woman working the register that seemed to have slept through customer service training.	2
10497	"   that   s how you know you are in a bad part of town    - Me
   we specially asked for 3 large waters and got kids cups..    - Shane
   3 homeless people way too close to my car    - Griffin"	1
10498	Terrible experience... Made me wait outside in 105              	1
10499	"Friendly and quick service, dining area and restroom was clean"	5
10500	Service sucks people working here dont work how they suppose to would get in contact soon with supervisor ruth employees ....	1
10501	The food is what it is but the staff have poor attitudes and are very rude	3
10502	More security guards than customers... Not a pleasant place at all.	1
10503	They are always very friendly.  I'm definitely loving it! L.O.L   	5
10504	Excellent service. No long wait.	5
10505	A little dirty. couldn't find a clean table even there were few customers.	3
10506	"Bathroom a ""no"" ...trash too full, tissue stuck to the toilet seat, and hairs in and around the sink.."	3
10507	I went there at 5:00 in the morning when it was clean. Only a few homeless were sleeping.	4
10508	Great bilingual customer service at the window. Clean restrooms    	5
10509	The service was very fast n food was good	3
10510	Doing uber eats and postmates for orders here and the location being closed entirely. FALSE. ADVERTISING!	1
10511	Crackheads walking inside and outside of this place begging for money while customers or eating and employees accepting the behavior horrible Mc Donald I've ever been to smh	1
10512	Is not in the best neighborhood but there service is good	5
10513	It was good for McDonald's. Thank you Obama	3
10514	Very well organized restaurant. Employees are fast and organized	5
10515	Try to french fries if you don't know they the best thing on the menu	4
10516	Apparently they're charging money for complementary small water. Horrible Customer Service.	1
10517	Fast service good employees kind and mindful	5
10518	"The service is to pork, the employees don't have any tipe of education, the restaurant is dirty ."	1
10519	Great little McDonalds.  Staff was fastm	5
10520	"Fast, clean. Love the new chicken sandwich!"	5
10521	Food is okay and same with service. Too many bums. Some stand next to the ordering machine outside when you're ordering by car.	3
10522	Miam Miam so sweet	5
10523	staff are slow ... make you wait very long in the parking lot ...	1
10524	Prices up quality down ...smh	3
10525	Service is better and drive threw is still bad to long blocks drive way from letting customers to park	3
10526	Location filled with guards. The staff takes purposefully long. I hope they're not stealing (mcdonalds).	1
10527	"Why do I feel sick Everytime I eat this ""food""? Why do I keep doing it to myself? FML lol"	1
10528	This location isn't very clean and has a bad odor	2
10529	It's okay though the meals are smaller and they use a kiosks to place an order in.	4
10530	Wait time at 2am in drive thru is ridiculous.	2
10531	"Very good service, nice customer service at 2 am."	4
10532	"Good food and service
Workers are cool too"	5
10533	Nice & clean	5
10534	"Hypocrite and prejudice. I play the game and did not get any thing.
June and July 2018."	1
10535	"Bad service, my order was messed up..then I ended up paying again to get my order right..not happy!!"	1
10536	"Restroom was out of service with so many customers,  you would think they would have it up and running"	2
10537	Absolutely the worst experience you ever get from McDonald's in America I have pictures of the bathroom it is atrocious this feces all over the bathroom wall the homeless situation is off the chain here someone needs to contact franchise or corporate and let them know this is disgusting this place needs to be shut down	1
10538	They got a simple order completely wrong.	2
10539	McDonald's is a fun place where you can eat the bathrooms are clean and it is nice	5
10540	For being a heavy volume of people the food and sevice was awesome	5
10541	Love their coffee and big Mc.	5
10542	No open  on time 4am.  20 minutes late todas los dias.no good	1
10543	"Fast, friendly service. They passed my test."	5
10544	Fast service and very satisfied with the employees	5
10545	Be patient as always and you get the best service .	5
10546	It's Was in are budget yummy shakes are good	4
10547	"For some reason, the chicken McNugets tasted better than ever before."	5
10548	The thing that sucks about this place is the homeless and transients begging for food and money.	3
10549	Customer service is great and the food is good.	5
10550	Full of homeless people hanging out asking for money & if u tell them no some of them will attack u	1
10551	homeless are very agressive and smoking pot demanding money at drive through.	2
10552	Place is always dirty an the staff are dressed sloppy when ever I go services suck	1
10553	Not nice or plant when they give you a meal already cook before order.	3
10554	Horrible service and worse food	1
10555	Very different I like what I hey did with the place	5
10556	alright.cool.n.clean.pico Rivera.in walmat.super gigantic walmart.	1
10557	Friendly CSR. Enjoyed my breakfast. Excellent job!	5
10558	Very good customer service	5
10559	What do you expect at any mcds near a greyhound station? This however reminds me of the 2 near the Dallas greyhound station.	1
10560	Good	5
10561	Good service and fresh food at this location.	4
10562	Not a lot of seating inside but they were very fast and friendly.	5
10563	"Long line of course, but pretty good"	4
10564	McDonald's is always good... Except the food is getting smaller.	3
10565	Horrible set up. Employees replaced by Kiosk. Just bad.	2
10566	Love their 76 cents ice cream cones.	5
10567	Had some free coupons food was excellent	5
10568	Quality of food was as expected. The service was terrible.	3
10569	Great service great prices peaceful atmosphere.	5
10570	Good service but long lines	5
10571	Not that it was bad but it just wasn't what I expected .	3
10572	Their service was okayish.	3
10573	"Great prices, tasty big Mac"	5
10574	"Great eat, but at 6 o'clock at 5 may close:("	4
10575	They have fast and very friendly service.	5
10576	"Good people work here,but all the homeless mess it up for everyone."	5
10577	Good morning                  	5
10578	Slow service and 2 managers in charged 12 .26.19 4:30 pm	1
10579	McDonald's  Is bacon egg cheese biscuit sandwich hash Browns Orange juice	5
10580	"Fast, friendly and the food was hot to order."	5
10581	In town from Dallas. The Big Mac fu*%ed my stomach up. Security  guard was woke tho..	2
10582	good customers service	5
10583	It was very clean and the food was good.	5
10584	Good service enjoyed the fast food	5
10585	Horrible service waited 15 minutes for a breakfast deluxe	1
10586	Always good for a quick bite	5
10587	Customer service badd the food is horrible	1
10588	I like the combos there and I especially like the Mac cafe there.	4
10589	Great place to bring the kids for fun! Huge play place!	4
10590	full of homelest ask  for $ food cus travelers of great hunt bus.	1
10591	They have table side services which I love	3
10592	They have to clear from people around asking  for money	4
10593	Still the place for a quick bit to eat & go .	5
10594	To many homeless people you guys need to contract my security company and streighten things out there	5
10595	"The employees very friendly,n a clean place"	4
10596	Worst customer service!!!!!!! The employees are rude.	1
10597	Quick service. Food is just ok.	3
10598	This place is very clean and it's fast	5
10599	"Friendly staff, clean place, bad neighborhood, dirty bathrooms"	4
10600	Too many homeless at your car window.  Like a mob...	1
10601	"It's quick in and out, gets a little crowded at noon"	3
10602	Always good food. Sometimes dry.	4
10603	Florence and Marbeisa...Huntington Park...very nice People and good service...	5
10604	Good breakfast but getting expensive	4
10605	Drive thur line was too long. Lobby closes very early	4
10606	"I only bought a soda, but the service was ok."	4
10607	"It's McDonald's, ask to have your food ""MADE FRESH"""	3
10608	Hate the walk up hrs 9am really	5
10609	Lot of homeless people that hang around even in broad daylight. Was a little weird.	2
10610	Horroble service ill never go back again	2
10611	When only a sausage mic muffin will do the job   	5
10612	OJ was watered down and tasteless. It was barely orange.	3
10613	Very nice people serving customers	5
10614	No matter how Much Donald's tries to make there food better it is junk food at a high price.	1
10615	good food but not clean	3
10616	"The food was good, hot and fast."	4
10617	Drive thru too slow.  What's going on?	1
10618	Good    	5
10619	Good coffe and breakfast	3
10620	Rest Room was so duty and the chicken sandwich wasn't good to.	2
10621	Drive through only (we love LA)	3
10622	They got a good chicken strips.	5
10623	The Mc cafe is delicious and the Mc chicken is good too.	4
10624	Its to hard to get in restaurant without people asking for money..	1
10625	All these places are the same. The good is the coffee	3
10626	It took ten minutes or more to get an order of fries.	3
10627	"Average fast food joint, clean restrooms"	3
10628	Clean restaurant and good customer service	5
10629	Not up to par with McDonald's mission statement	3
10630	Fast food good service.	4
10631	fast service food was hot	5
10632	Not the most cleanly exterior maybe need a security outside	3
10633	Meh when your hungry it will do	3
10634	The app doesn't save you much money at all	3
10635	Fast service but too many homeless people panhandling.	3
10636	Great service and hot food	5
10637	International Menu is a great C/O/P	4
10638	Food is good and fast service.	5
10639	My grandkids love Mickey D's	5
10640	Mc donalds is all ways a classic 10/10	5
10641	"Kids favorite restaurant and parents                            not so favorite but most of the time everyone loves their efficiency.
You must order on a kiosk which is easy enough until you get to the end where it tells you to grab a                            table tent                            and input the number.  I didn                           t see anything resembling a tent but I had an idea of what it should look like. The counter staff were so busy they talked around me to other customers. I waited my turn and finally got to ask for a number for my dine in order, the                            table tent.                             The counter guy looked at me like I was speakt me the order in less than 10 minutes, about half the time I wasted on the first try.
As I sat waiting for my order I watched 3 people in a row return their drinks because it was the wrong drink.  Maybe a cascade effect, you get one out of order and the next few also get the wrong drink.  As for me, I also got the wrong drink.
I love you McDonalds, my kids and grandkids love you. But this location has a lot of work to do to meet McDonald        "	3
10642	"Big Mac was cold. Tables, floor and whole restaurant was very messy. No serving in the tables so everyone ordered take away even eating on site. (one reason why so messy)

Taste was normal but overall not even close McDonald's quality."	1
10643	"One of two McDonald's stores in whole mid/south Miami Beach area so you know what to expect.

It's dirty, restroom has no water or soap to wash hands, except if you use the handicap toilet which makes me wonder how often or ever the employees wash their hands before return back to work. My husband got quite sick the following day because of the food.

We placed the order on the machine for dine-in with table service but there was not a single table # tent available, well the store make it clear that you as a customer should better pickup your own food at the counter. There's absolutely no service at all.

We will never ever go back to this McDonald's ever again."	2
10644	"Very poor customer service on the part of the cashier. She ignored me while i was making a query and showed absolutely no remorse. Some people need to learn manners.
Also the self service kiosk does not give you a recepit. So you have to remember your order number."	5
10645	"This McDonald's is located on the corner of Washington Avenue and Lincoln rd. Ordering is easy, and the staff are pleasant.  The restrooms always have a long line and they are not very clean. Great location for hungry shoppers!"	4
10646	"Food was ok.
For service I would give 0 s if I could. Rudeness ted with the manager and continued with the staff. Everyone seemed very bothered to be there. Asked for an extra napkin and nobody would bother to respond.
The bathroom was apparently out of order for customers but seemed to be working just fine for the staff as they kept using it."	1
10647	"Such a disorganized mess                           . Literally 15 people working and yet there is no urgency to get the customers their                            fast                           -food. Multiple people standing behind the counter just talking to eachother, on their cell phones, laughing - literally doing NOTHING                            meanwhile 20 customers are waiting to receive their food, while th"	1
10648	"We ordered a menu on the machine and the machine said that we had to sit and they will bring the order to us.
And the Machine did not print out a receipt.
After waiting for 20 min we decided to ask. The Manager replied with an attitude we do know bring it to the tafel you have to pick it up.
When I explain to him that and  is saying he gave me an attitude again and said isn     "	1
10649	"If I could give this place 0 s I would. Imagine this, you are ving and have no energy to move or anything so you order mcdonald                           s delivery. Your so happy when it comes because you can finally eat and feel good only to find out that literally everything you wanted is missing   It              "	1
10650	The problem I have with this location is that it's always dirty in the lobby area and bathroom. Second hardly anyone speaks English there and my Spanish is horrible so it's hard ordering food sometimes. The service is quick and food is usually hot and I had a problem once with the wrong order. Check the lobby area and bathroom more frequently and use bilingual cashiers.	2
10651	Saturday April 1st.  It's suppose to be 24 hrs for Google as google appear. And they close at 5:00 am . What the manager is doing? So poor management.  Employee told me funking drunk. I'm wrong? I don't know because I drive depending on hours on Google.	1
10652	I ordered a food just now from urber eat and I ask for tomatoes ketchup 3 packs but it seems the workers forgot to add which is unprofessional or they don                           t care about customers. I hope in future the workers will improve.                                    I don                           t understa	1
10653	"If I could  give them a 0 I would                           . Were out of literally everything, didn                           t add anything I asked to be added to my chicken sandwich, noth"	1
10654	Absolutely terrible quality control. How anyone thinks this is ok to send to paying customers is mind blowing.	1
10655	"Very busy location, of course, it's Miami Beach!
Typical Miami Beach Service attitude 4 out of 5 times when I have picked up an online order at this location, I am the positive, harmony seeking butterfly type of customer, that walks in for pick up, greets the human behind the counter with respect and a smile, to than receive this nasty, Miami B!tch attitude that makes you regret not sticking to your fastfood free diet in an instant..
Is it really hard to hire friendly and customer oriented personnel?!  There are so many seeking employment..
At least teach em to pretend to be nice to customers! That includes Managers, btw.
Further, putting staff on the front counter who fairly understands English is just not fair to them and me, the customer that just wants to pick up an order and leave fast. 'Cause Fast Food you know. Love the Sweet Tea, def. missed the lemon slices, sadly not on their Menu at this Location.
Still lovin' it!"	2
10656	"Came on 06/03/2023 at 10pm. So many things were out of stock, including Happy Meals, McChicken and Hot&Spicy McChicken, smaller portion of nuggets (only from 10pieces), large fries but no medium, etc                            Why ? Lack of packaging ?

Came there with a toddler. Pretty sad.

But the worse to come                            Never ever be disappointed with the taste of the fries. Ok. Those can be sometimes old, McDonalds products are fresh for 10 minutes only. Fries were mushy, and the taste was nasty. Same nasty taste on the nuggets                "	1
10657	"Rude customer service. Some people should get fired. They make threats. And put spit in the food, I had a traumatized experience here they put spit in my food and sent people to follow me all the way back to my hotel room saying they'll put spit in my food again. Worst place to eat at"	1
10658	"Stayed downtown stopped for sandwich and coke. Coke machine was broken; homeless all over the lobby, bathrooms had homeless in and out with obvious drug use. Employee was too worried about the bathroom door lock and messed up a 2andwhich order. Manager quickly fixed. Typical big city overpriced trashy fast food place. Felt like I was back in New York City."	1
10659	"We went to this mcdonalds to grab a quick bite, first of all the service was horrible, they do not know what they are doing. Second the food was cold. Third the place looks dirty, dirty tables and floors, a lot of people coming by the table asking for money. I will never go back to this mcdonalds"	2
10660	"Terrible experience....
Staff was rude, lack of care at all
Missing items.... no Coca-Cola ?!?"	1
10661	Fast service.   Food was as expected but not enough ketchup on the burger                                      .  No dine in atmosphere with plastic wrap over the dining tables. It's time to get over fearing th	4
10662	Probably the messiest Big Mac I             	3
10663	So I ordered  on the take out screen ...a coffee and sweet tea ...several times at this location Miami beach..I like my sweet and not just some milky tasting drink. So I select my sugar count and and creamer ..out all times they only got it correct once. Here today and the girl didn't follow the instructions on her screen. She just chose the amount she was going to put I watched her. Then I went up to ask for extra packets and the girl act like she did not hear me at first then gave me 2 packets. So McDonald's either you guys are going to stop being tight with your condiments..and put them out for your customers to grab if needed extra ..and if your employees refuse to follow directions	2
10664	"I wouldn                           t recommend this McDonald                           s shack to anyone. Besides being very packed and not very tourist-friendly, it was very sha"	1
10665	"MOST INCOMPETENT MCDONALDS EVER

THEY ALWAYS FORGET OR CONFUSE PUTTING SAUCES IN YOUR FOOD

Yesterday we went there ordering the 40 McNuggets with 2 fries deal. We selected four different sauces. When we unpacked the stuff at the beach, we found they gave us only 2 instead of 4auces. And these were 2 ranch, while we ordered different sauces. Also we got just 1 instead of 2 fries. Next day we ordered a happy mal and again the nuggets sauce was missing as well as the ketchup! I cant wrap my head around how employees can be so incompetent. The guys responsible for packing the sauces should be taught a lesson."	1
10666	"Service is very slow, noone speaks english.dining room is closed. Bathrooms are closed. Punch someone there its ok, but fall asleep at table your going to jail. Food is ok. They remove dollar menue when its busy."	3
10667	"Let's say this place has everything to be much better having such a good location. However, it ends up attracting and keeping a lot of less wanted clients harassing everyone constantly. Order machines not giving order paper created a lot of uncomfortable situations. Food was okay."	3
10668	"Oooooo it was ghetto and they gave me the last of the fry batch, they didn                           t have much available, and it must                "	2
10669	"Everything in south beach Miami is super expensive. So when it came to breakfast the crew who rode down with me ate at the Catalina. The first thing I said is where is mickey D's?
And they delivered. Not to the hotel, but delivered on that good low price."	5
10670	"This McDonald's is a little run down, but if you use the APP to order it takes no time to pick up food and leave."	4
10671	"the salsa sauce is so similar to mayonaise, dont take it if you dont take mayonaise.
also no veggie or beanburgers. staff was friendly otherwise, tho some really weird customers."	3
10672	Absolutely no employees speak English.  We waited over 20 minutes on our food and had to utilize Google Translator for the employees to understand we had not received our order.	1
10673	Before you can make it in McDonald's there's quite a few people asking for a handout. Only self service kiosks. No soap in the bathrooms. How are the employees washing their hands? Skip this one.	2
10674	"The dirtiest McDonold I have ever been. Waited for 8 mins with no one to serve even though 2taffs were standing there and see me waiting. The place is so dirty and I am not sure how they pass hygiene. They do not allow to order medium, only large at night. One of my order was not in the bag. When I checked the receipt, I noticed they have placed a wrong order. I told them about it, they said they don                           t have the item and refused to give refunds when I told them I do not want the wrong order. No apology and lie about I ever placed order they put in.  Very rude and ignorant. She did not speak English but deny about putting wrong order and accused me of placing order that I would never have placed. Food was cold and bread was hard as burn. Horrible experience with them and wish McD franchiser will take their license away. It is a disgrace to the brand. The management is so bad and I find the whole experience to be unbelievable. Readck your order but best advice is, NOT to go there at all."	1
10675	Literally locked the door on my face. I never write reviews but this was so strange. Was attempting to purchase breakfast and there was an employee who physically pushed me out and locked the door. Completely unwarranted given my calm demeanor. Very bizarre.	1
10676	"Hygiene is very bad.  The cleaning lady - afroamerican women-  today at 14:15 was slow and unpleasant.
The food looked like it was from the day before.  Terrible dirt in the toilets.  The macchiato was too hot - poorly frothed milk.
Dirty place..."	1
10677	"The gentleman at the counter Said ""we don't have decafe"", I spoke to manager, after 5 minutes of arguing and having been told I walked a long distance just for their Decafe they realized they ""have it"" and that the machine works... what a way to t the morning!   "	1
10678	"They do not know how to make a simple sandwich. Avoid this place and spend a few more dollars somewhere else. This is supposed to be a deluxe chicken sandwich, but this is how it came."	1
10679	Slow service. Being ignored by tid crew when i tried to ask for some sugar they forgot to put in my coffee at one on my visits. Very slow experience in 4 out of 5 visits.	1
10680	"Nasty. This place has gross people inside. They look homeless. Inside and out. There was a mentally ill woman yelling at staff when I visited. I don't feel safe. It's dirty. They messed up my order. They are in a rush. Looks very busy here, staff can't keep up. They have given up."	2
10681	The staff might not be very knowledgeable or know english very much but they do work fast. The reason for 3                                                      	3
10682	They say they                           re open 24 hours but they                           re not. I just d	1
10683	"Dirty, stinky, dudes at the front scared me, rude and smelly                              "	1
10684	It's a gritty part of Miami Beach but the staff work hard to service the varied clientele.	5
10685	"I was buying my breakfast and my phone was taking a while to download a promotion.  in the app.  I decided to order without a coupon, then my phone downloaded the Promotion and I asked him to delete that order that I was going to order with a coupon, he replied that he could not change anything and that he did not have time to change the order in a rude way and insulting me, he took me out of the store."	1
10686	"Must invest in security staff, hassled multiple times by persons not patrons of the restaurant to buy things. Staff don't care and turn a blind eye to it."	1
10687	"This location is the worse. The staff is not friendly.  The quality control is lacking. The place just smells like homelessness; you can almost taste it in the air. I've brought my concerns to the attention of the management staff and no changes; no one seems to care. Today is my last day eating here, which makes me sad because I love a good sweet tea and fries! 3.1 rating is way to high.... don't believe me? Read the comments below....."	1
10688	"I can't seriously believe this place is still in business AND is supposed to represent brand McDonalds...I experienced one of the worst services ever from a restaurant whilst dining here.  The staff basically are not interested in serving you, they don't want to work. Manager is not interested and rest rooms are permanently closed....is this even legal? It is telling that none of the staff wear their name badges. I visited the premises on 5th July 2018 at 8.45am Seriously McDonalds...you need to close this branch down...you cannot continue to offer service this bad under your company logo. 'Service with a smile, you sure don't get that here' as one customer acknowledged....and on that note all the customers agreed. I rest my case."	1
10689	"Food was great, service as well, atmosphere lacking"	4
10690	The nuggets were kind of burnt and I tried to order a McFlurry and they told me no which is really lame	3
10691	Miami mcdonald                           s > any other mcdonald       	4
10692	I had a coupon for a free MC ribs with the purchase of a sausage egg n cheese mc griddle and two Big Mack's.  We didn't get none of that anyway.  We got other stuff instead of popcorn.	5
10693	Although honestly not the healthiest food to eat when not able to go find a healthier restaurant sometimes due to time and or money. It's what I had to eat today. !	5
10694	"Good place to eat quick, who doesn                           t love a McDonald                           s? Was a bit confusing with the table number on the self service machine when it didn                           t go to our table number so had to stand in the que instead. No receipt, you were only aloud to be in there for 30 minutes especially how busy it was it didn                           t"	4
10695	"Ordered 2 adult kids meals... they kept the toys for themselves.

Missing 2 collectibles. Which is the point of the whole meal! And they gave me nuggets instead of the big Mac I ordered.

Pure disappointment.  Shame."	1
10696	"Worst McDonald                           s ever. Very dirty, restroom are awful, disgusting and inhabitable. HQ should do something"	1
10697	Rude staff! An employee is going from table to table asking to do a review on your cell phone! She has a handful of duplicate receipts and is giving the store good reviews... Please tear this location down and build a new one! The blonde in the white shirt is a smiling crook! She is supposed to be a manager. UPDATE: Their is none  	1
10698	One of the worst McDonald                           s I hav	1
10699	Rest room was out of order in such a popular location	2
10700	"Worst McDonald's branch ever!
The drinks are pre poured and placed on a table and by the time i get your drink its all out of bubbles. The seller by the cash register was on her phone the whole order and I had to repeat my order several times which made me feel disrespected and a little irritated."	1
10701	"May be it is time for people to take the time to report this location to the headquarter website!
Again missing the sauce for the Mc nuggets ! Not only I am paying for them as they are part of my menu and the mc nuggets are pretty disgusting with no sauce whatsoever. Since this is a recurrent missing item at each order, I have a question.
Is it the food cost monitoring or a real operation issue ?
May be have them put by the person packaging the mc nuggets instead of the cashier!!!!!!!!!"	1
10702	There were 10 people behind the register.  None of them can count to six? I did not order five nuggets. FYI. McDonald's on Washington Ave; the sweet requires sugar.	1
10703	"Staff rude. But in a central location. Always busy. Shows 24 hours operational. But when i reached at 5.45 am, they stopped me and told tomcome back at 6 am. Nut they opened after 6.15 only"	5
10704	Experience world renowned burgers and fry  	2
10705	Lots  of homeless people using it and asking for money not the best atmosphere	5
10706	"Nice Mcdonalads, busy, but I got food very, very fast. I reccomand if you want a quick bite."	5
10707	I went twice when visiting and had no problems. I really enjoyed t being right next to the shopping strip. I highly recommend for those who come really early.	5
10708	Very crowded very loudly but the personal very friendly and the taste as standard McDonald  	3
10709	"A horrible McDonald's restaurant. It's dirty, service was bad, strange people walk in and out all the time, overall the place looks out dated. It seemed that they blocked some of the cheaper items from the menu around diner time, for example they did not serve the Happy meal with 4 pieces of chicken nuggets. That one was 'out of stock', although the did sell the Happy meal with 6 pieces chicken nugget. What a joke.
If you look for a nice place to eat with your kids, go somewhere else."	1
10710	Half the menu was listed as out of stock on the kiosk. I ordered a soft drink. They didn't offer it to me when they called my name at the counter because all of the table tents were missing. I reminded them of my drink and they handed me a cup of water. One of my burgers was offset in the bun by almost half and the cheese locked it that way all jacked up. I get the labor shortage and it's a busy place. I would certainly go back. I just can't say I loved it. That would be offensive to all the other places that are outstanding.	3
10711	How can they have about 20 employees behind the counter and run into stock issues. Everything is sold out. Poor management I say.	1
10712	"McDonald's excels at friendly service and inexpensive, but good quality, food. This franchise has none of that. The staff was efficient enough, but distant and surly. I had two meals there. Both times my food was too cold to eat.

One problem may be the groups of loud and rude teenagers that hang out there. The backs from a long banquette are missing leaving wood laths that poke the back.

All of that is unfortunate because this franchise has a perfect location to shine."	1
10713	One of the worst Mcdonalds i     	1
10714	"Hello,

I hope this email finds you to inform you that your staff needs to be engaged in coaching due to the lack of attention to a female and I needing to use the restrooms after multiple attempts to utilize them. I was ignored by the first female and was given a puzzled look that they can't be opened. After I went around to seek attention from the other staff she rudely stated both bathrooms are not available, after I asked why she said "" they just are "". I asked to see what would cause them to be unusable but could only feel discriminated as she added no urgency to the issue. She then asked if I was management to even request to see the inside of the bathrooms. As a LONG TIME CUSTOMER. I suggest to keep your client based loyal to address this issue as it leaves a bad image on the franchise. I left feeling ""I didn't have it my way "". And that's just a bowl movement. Thank you for your time and I hope this matter has been addressed the next time I pass by the store as I will try to obtain pictures of the staff reluctant to assist.

Best regards,

JJ."	1
10715	"its not 24 hours, its centeral location for all homeless people i feel bad for them but they make the place discosting, they all live inside and by 7 am they use free bathroom, smells bad in side and front of the place some homelss demand that u buy them food, management is week and no police around only homeless and druge dealrs."	1
10716	Its been a fixture on Washington Ave for years and it looks like it. The clientele at McDonald's is never good but never quite as bad as beggars seated at doorways with signs pointed towards you. If you like going to McDonald's in NYC at rush hour then this is the spot for you.	2
10717	"Too busy, machines don          "	1
10718	Service slow. Good salty	4
10719	They actually had a working McFlurry machines and the food was good	5
10720	"Gotta Love how you pay for your food and the employees act like they are doing you a favor when you ask for your own coffee to be handed to you several times like if I'm asking for something free. SMH. And don't ask for condiments like salt or jelly they really get annoyed, nasty attitudes and all. Sad how one rotten employee spoils it for the rest of the environment."	5
10721	Hahahahahhaah!! Mcdonald                           s is always good idea!       	5
10722	"Terrible service. I put in curbside pickup for the mobile order. Waiting for nearly half an hour. A staff walked out and said I cannot park here for more than 15 minutes, and this is for curbside pickup only. I explained and showed the receipt that I put in as curbside pickup. She still did not look and proceeded to tell me I am wrong. Terrible service."	1
10723	"The restaurant was very dirty, the order was incomplete and my daughter was sad because she didn't receive her Happy Meal's toy. Additionally, we ate as fast as possible because there was a homeless intimidating the guests and the employees didn't do anything. We felt very insecure eating there"	1
10724	"Cashier refuse to sale.
In this location just one credit card machine works, but they have two register... The other one cashier refuse to open it or use it... So why you guys have 2 register for.....
Seems like cashiers determinate who can eat or not.... Shame on you"	1
10725	"Quick service for a line of people for breakfast!!! Atmosphere not the best, many people asking for money inside and outside of stablisment"	4
10726	"VERY dirty. Trash was overflowing and then the bathrooms had water everywhere, I                           m not sure if it was from the sink or the toilet but it was everywhere in the females restroom. RUDE Staff. The lady at the front counter clearly did not like her job, she would not take people                           s orders and I had to wait on a large water for 15 minutes                         "	1
10727	Food is good but too many Homeless in the restaurant.	4
10728	The worst McDonald's to go to....the Fries look like they just heated them up and served...not even cool throughly....super lazy people...and have a lot of attitude...do not go here	1
10729	"This location had no happy meals for my 6 year old, higher prices than normal around the city and had drunk people sitting all throughout the restaurant and many asking me for money while with my son. I feel bad as they looked homeless, did help one guy out, but most were intoxicated and making a mess, not being polite at all. They need to clean that up as it scared some kids and also makes you uncomfortable. I've had this Happen every visit to this location."	2
10730	No interest in this location. No testing foods.	1
10731	I                           m really sorry that I don                 	1
10732	This place is RACIST. They do what they want to do in there!!  The food is never fresh and the workers are very rude to the customers and when you have a problem with your food they tell you to leave and don                           t come back. All the works and the managers are all 	1
10733	I seen restaurants with a drive thru move faster then this and they don                           t have a drive thru I been waiting for my doordash order for 15 mins and it took me 4 mins to arrive and still not ready it                 	1
10734	I was waiting 20 mins for a order that been ready im in the front for like 15mins I never heard my order called up and the guys says that they been called my order like they don't do their job right and they want to lie to my face	1
10735	"Although listed as open 24 hours, I arrived at 6:15 am on a Friday and was told they are closed and would open at 7:00 am.
Passed by Thursday and it was also closed at 6:45.
Definitely not 24 hours. It'd be nice if they posted their hours on the front door."	4
10736	Worst McDonald's I've ever been to the people do not speak English a good majority of them and so they will not even try to answer your question they just walk away and ignore you they are not open 24 hours that is a lie it says confirmed by the company but that is not true as they were closed at 6:00 a.m. and said they don't open till 7:00 a.m. although their door says open 24 hours that's a lie and if you knock on the door they just ignore you the most ignorant McDonald's employees I have ever encountered.	1
10737	It                           s always busy and especially pick up window	4
10738	"Pretty funny,  only in miami you get guava paste and cheese pieat McDonald's, im use to get apple pies at McDonald's in the midwest."	5
10739	This was an experience while we were in line waiting for our order someone got stuck in the bathroom and it caused quite a bit of stir. So that was eventful but the food was bussin! Lol so take with that what you must.	3
10740	"Should be 'Minus  -*' . Except for the manager, otherwise;  Totally shocking staff, you would double check if you are in the United States. The serving girls treat people as unwanted guests in their own house, not serving people, they would fight with 1/2 of the customers, sending for police 2 or 3 times daily. Slow service, and bad manners, you  would feel like a kid getting his food from his angry mother, with some cursing whispers that you don't understand ' in Spanish' . Totally crazy."	1
10741	"Bad experience, bad grade, that's the game. The ordering machine does not issue a ticket to justify his order but especially his payment."	1
10742	"Ordered on Uber Eats, 4 different delivery person took the order but they all canceled since the food was never ready. They never finished my order after waiting for 2 hours. This is highly unacceptable, such a poor service for the location of the place. I expected something better from being one of the only McDonald        "	1
10743	"Absolutely, without pause, the WORST excuse for a McDonalds I've seen. No coffee. No chicken sandwiches. No restroom. No seating. Dirty. Rude people wearing McDonald's uniform.(normally their titles would be employee/workers. That may suggest they earned their wage!)"	1
10744	"Really poor mcdonalds - service is fast, but they normally get the order wrong, and aren't as friendly as in new york restaurants."	1
10745	"Almost all tables were dirty, bathrooms were gross, there was a pair of dirty socks on the floor. Food was good though but they need to improve on the cleanliness of their restaurant."	1
10746	"Came to Miami for vacation being here just wanted something quick. They took forever to give us our food, the dinning area was filthy and around 9:50pm I went back to order something else and the cashier was being rude and unprofessional denying me the service saying they were already closed and couldn                           t take anymore orders. I would understand if I was outside but I was already inside and expending money. W"	1
10747	I feel bad writing this review..  The workers seemed very confused one lady in the 15 minutes I spent in the location stood by the soda machine in a daze. She wasn't even the one who gave us our drinks. I would really like to find out what her purpose was. The food came out cold with exception of fries. The manager looked so frustrated I hesitated to return the order. Terrible	1
10748	"No restrooms. The employees use them though, so only customers can't. Is that even legal to operate without restroom? Most employee are rude and ignore you when you ask for ketchup or anything"	1
10749	The service is horrible I ordered on the kiosk then waited 13 minutes  in line to pay. There was only one person on front of me. Employees rude to customers.  At least the food was fresh . Well as fresh  as McDonald's  can be.	2
10750	Best place to get a cheap breakfast in Miami.	5
10751	The store was very busy and full of customers. I didn't like the way they greet the customers and the way they talked to each individuals. It was busy and that can't be an excuse for bad service. Food was great as usual but service gotta improve by mile. The cleanliness was an issue also as there were napkins pretty much all over the place. I guess it was not cleaned since evening. May be business is the priority which is not what Mc does I believe.	4
10752	"Shocking that in the center of a tourist attraction where every restaurants is 4x the price with 20% tax and added gratuity, this mcdonalds was priced just like the ones at home.  Dollar menu and all.  No, it's not the best food but you gotta give em props for not triple pricing and ripping off tourists.  It's weird they had triple cheeseburger"	5
10753	"Terrible experience!! They were out of milk, out of chocolate milk, out of toys for the happy meals for the kids and out of juice which they had to replace with this awful tasting fountain juice. It took about 15-20 minutes to get three happy meals for the kids. The washrooms were dirty, no hand towels, no toilet paper and the hands air dryers did not work! The staff however were nice and very helpful, the reason for my 2!"	2
10754	I like this McDonald's because it has delicious food and quick service.	4
10755	Be careful. Rude sketchy employees.They will try to tell you at certain times of nite every order has to be upsized to a large. Food was cold and horrible after a long wait. Then you still will be  GROSSLY OVERCHARGED. Crooks. USE THE APP TO BE CHARGED CORRECTLY.	1
10756	"the worst attention you can receive is here attention -99 Service -99 ask for salt, they give you sugar, the staff is extremely contemptuous, they almost throw the food at you and the chicken burnt if you want to lose your money this is the ideal place"	1
10757	"Wait times are very long, but the employees are usually very nice from whenever I do go here once a year or so.

You'll wait a long time, but at least the staff aren't rude!"	3
10758	"Rude staff, great burger.
The ladies at the counter were rude, bored, not smiling, very unpleasant welcoming. They should not be hired for hospitality businesses.
The bacon burger was great, hot, tasty crunchy. One of the best. Good job the kitchen.
Only an old white lady was smiling at the front."	4
10759	"This store is dirty, the staff are rude and stood around talking and on their phones.  Very rude and heard several customer complain."	1
10760	"I would give ZERO s if that was possible. FILTHY bathroom, no soap in the stall with changing table was ripped off the wall, hand dryer didn't work no way to dry your hands. Would never go back there. Employees not very helpful and rolled their eyes when I formed them they gave sweet tea to my diabetic husband who ordered unsweetened."	1
10761	"The attention is not so good. Smells kinda bad.
The food is fastly made."	3
10762	The workers were so beyond disrespectful! My daughter and I stopped in for a drink and to order food we were going to wash our and purshase before we could use the rest room.Then ALL the staff spoke so disrespectful and embarrassed ushands and or 'll Dr her food.Tge worker told me only customers were allowed I expresses that we needed to was our hands before eating and the workers told us ow well we qould have to atand in linw	1
10763	"I went at 11 a.m at tooks almost 25 minutes to get mi meal. Very poor attention.
Second time (2022) I went to this Mac and the situation is the same that 4 years ago... I think is't worst... very dirty, disorder everywhere, completelly full, bad mood in general. That morning took me 45 minutes to get my breakfast. I promise, will never come back."	2
10764	"I've upgraded my review to 2 because in my drunken kindness I gave this place a second chance. One of the only good employees seems like he got promoted to manager and this place seems to be visitable now. I'll return again to see for sure, because before it was definitely a terrible experience consistently."	2
10765	That McDonald is the worst McDonald ever the purpose of mobile ordering is so you don                           t have to wait in the store for so long I place a mobile order and there is no parking in that area my car almost got tow that      	1
10766	"Wow!  To say that we had a bad experience would be a compliment.  The food was cold, they ran out of ice and carbonation--yes, no carbonation for the sodas!!...and they still kept serving them--we counted at least 10 returned drinks in a10 minute spam.  Worst of all, the manager offered no apologies.  Run, don't just walk away from this place!"	1
10767	"Good price,chek the food for one,two tre dollar,always find chip for that money .."	4
10768	i thought they closed this location down. i cant believe i get to still read the reviews on this store and laugh. they need to keep up the filth and rude customer service cause these comments are like comedy when you are bored.	1
10769	"Absolutely disgusted with discriminatory management at this location. As I'm charging my phone in back making an order on app because I didnt have my card. The manager, Nancy, request their ""security"" to kick me out. I did absolutely nothing wrong other than charge my phone to make an order.

Not only did their security guard get rude with me they didnt even have the professionalism to let me know it's against rules to charge phone to make an order. Only was charging to phone to make order thru app. Then after getting kicked out they wouldn't give me a refund or my food, said to call number.

Me being black I deal with this a lot. But I hope reviews like this can help wake people up and hold people accountable for discriminatory behavior.

Still want my refund!!!"	1
10770	"I can't give it less than 1 , otherwise I would have! The staff have no idea what they're doing, they walk around gaumlessly offering no help. The counter is like a mosh pit. Nothing works. Avoid if you can or hope it's not busy at all otherwise you're in for a long wait with the wrong order by the end of it!"	1
10771	"My only visit to this shop and I witnessed these: 1) There were two lines but suddenly one of the staff members stopped taking orders and closed the point-of-sales machine.  Those customers on that line were told to go at the back of the other line.
2) I understand that some staff are new but the supervisor or senior staff are rude to the new staff and do not help train them.  I don                           t understand the yelling (probably because they are in Spanish).
3) Majority of staff speak Spanish and announce numbers in Spanish.  Expect some misunderstanding when they are taking your order too.  One of the staff put in hot coffee when I ordered hot coffee.
4) Be prepared to wait in a long line and always check your order before you leave the pick up counter.  It was my fault that I did not check/realize my Big Mac and South West salad dressing are missing when I felt.

TLDR?; just don                        s will always be a bad decision anyway."	1
10772	Clean and fast service	5
10773	This location is always good....because its in the heart of tourist location the food is always fresh and hot. Its now a hang out spot all the tourist and locals and decor is nice. They have soo much seating and its really spacious. Ive been ordering the same thing for years. The quarter pounder with Mac sauce                                	5
10774	This is the most horrible place I have been to. A guy walked out as we walked complaining he had waited 10 minutes for a soda. The guy on the register was so rude. Very under staffed. Homeless sleeping on the chairs. We ordered 2 coffees and 2 frappes  and waited so long to get them all at different times. I worked at one in NZ  and we would be fired for this kind of thing straight away!	1
10775	"If I could give this place 0 s, believe me, I would. By far the worst McDonald's I have EVER been to in the world. I came in to buy a bottle of water (would never even consider eating here given the lack of cleanliness). I waited about five minutes until someone finally told me that they do not have any bottles left. I told them a large fountain water was fine, with ice. Keep in mind - MAYBE 2 people at this McDonald's speak English. Luckily this woman understood me when I communicated what I wanted. I watched her get the cup, fill it with ice, and place it beside the machine! For someone that is just waiting for a drink, pour it, and hand it to the customer. There were maybe a dozen people waiting for their orders. I did not have any other items to wait for - just the water. I waited another 5 minutes to see if someone would just hand me the cup. No one did. I pushed my way through to the front, and got my cup. It was absolute chaos in there; a brutally unorganized establishment. The cashier could have simply turned around, gotten me the bottle of water (or in this case, tell me there are none and pour me a fountain drink), and be on my way. Wasted 10-15 minutes in this place."	1
10776	"Not very good service. Unique location but a lot of mismanagement. Some of the crew do not acknowledge you, they'll look at you and walk by while you're trying to get their attention, but keep walking and check on the fries or smoothie machine, then go do something else. I ordered a mobile order which I never did hear my order number called until I inquired about it and the team leader (or ""manager"") said ""I said [mobile order], but you never came up."" I was like there could've been several mobile orders, you weren't specific. And theres constantly food and trash on the floor being picked up, it reminds me of a GTA game."	2
10777	"So many crazy homeless people come into this establishment just to sit, lounge and disturb customers. McDonald                  "	1
10778	Bad experience as order not brought to table and electronic ordering system only copes with up to table number 120 and refused to accept our table number 127. Why doesn't the United Kingdom McDonald's App work 8n the USA?	3
10779	Service was good but sadly the people that were there made the experience horrible. A group of kids was giving the poor kind cleaning lady a hard time and some person went into the restroom and took a shower and left all their clothes in the stall.	3
10780	Very clean and not too busy for a tourist town. Food was good but the staff could be more approachable.	5
10781	This was hands down the SLOWEST McDonald's I have ever been to in the whole world. The kitchen was full of employees so I'm not sure why they didn't have their act together.	1
10782	"Hope you have a lot of time because the wait here is unbelievable, placing an order alone took  me 15 minutes, I work nearby, and 5 out of 5 times I've been here in the overnight time they
Weren't serving coffee,  any items on the value menu, or any grilled items. Not to mention how filthy it is. Also always understaffed. Horrible experience, I don't usually eat McDonalds but working as an overnight around the area is one of the only places open, has been like this for as long as I could remember. Reason for this review is because it's unacceptable that they don't have coffee or value menu items available at nighttime when they should. Wish I could give it -s."	1
10783	"I ordered a latte from the Miami Beach Lincoln road branch and waited for my drink. I saw my number flash up on the screen but no one called me. I went up and asked the woman (short reddish hair) who was calling out the order numbers if my number had been called. The answer was no. I kept waiting and still nothing. I asked her again but I was rudely ignored due to her having a chat with her friend. I asked several different people working there about my latte but they all said it's coming and moved on. The staff were either rude, indifferent and just no longer interested in me after I had paid. People came and went with their orders and I was left waiting for my one latte. I said to one woman how long does it take to make a latte? She looked at my ticket and of course no one had even ted making it. I was disgusted with the truly terrible customer service. If u want good service do not go to this mcdonalds."	1
10784	Went here for a late night snack stop on Uber back to hotel. Shows 24/7 hours but the place was closed. Ended up having to get two Uber                           s and pay twice as much as a result.	1
10785	USUALLY IS BUSY AND HAVE GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE... BUT TODAY I GO ON NIGHT SHIFT AND ONLY HAVE STAFF TALK ENGLISH FOR ASSIST ON ALL THE CUSTOMERS AND LOTS ARE SPANISH TOURIST... AND THE CLEANING IS LOOK POOR TONIGHT AND I SAW A ROCK EATING NEXT TO THE WINDOW INSIDE... NOW I CONSIDER EAT IN THE OTHER MCDONALD'S LOCATION IN ALTON RD...	3
10786	"Horrible service. Ridiculous wait time. Waited such a long time for an ice cream cone. They have over 10 people working and yet they're slow. They have someone who prepares all drinks but by the time you get your food, the ice in your drink has melted since it has become warmed"	1
10787	"Employees are rude, service is terrible, took half an hour for me to get my meal. Supervisor was yelling at customers about putting trash in the bins. I asked for a cup of water and the girl said, ""we don't have water but I can give you ice"".......... Is ice what I asked for??? If you don't have water, how are you washing dishes? How are you washing your hands?"	1
10788	"If I could give less ts I would do so! Service is awful, waited for the order for 30 mins ( 2 cheeseburger and coffee) and finally got the food cold!!! Can you image it??? Management team must be fired and new staff should be well trained prior ting working."	1
10789	incredibly long wait. cashier was stoned out of his mind wearing no mask and slurring his words and forgot half of our food. smiling creepily and saying random things	2
10790	"At night, i                           ve been a very long queue to cashier. Too many strange people want to orders. services are very slow. many misunderstanding speak english conversation"	2
10791	When you want one of the main items on the list and they don't have it... sock juice is better than the service in this location.  How are these people even allowed to work here? Plants are nicer. I have been to McDonald's in 54 different countries and CONGRATULATIONS you are the WORST!	1
10792	"The service was terrible, my order it wasnt complete and when we talk with the Manager he yell at us and touch our french fries with his dirty hands. Thanks to the cuban lady who change our fr                  es. Don                           t Come to this place, you "	1
10793	"AVOID! The biggest disappointment about this restaurant is the total lack of service-mindedness of the staff. They got our order wrong, we ordered a dubble cheese burger and got a regular cheese burger instead and their solution was to take said burger and simply slap another patty in it before giving it back. They also forgot to include items in our order like sauces and such, and they couldn't give us a reciept after our purchase.

When my friend asked one staff member for the sauces he ordered she only spoke spanish to him, even though he made it clear that he didn't understand her. After some time and finally getting the sauces the staff laughed as he left.

At least the place was some what clean. Seriously avoid, there are a lot of better food places nearby."	1
10794	"Place was not noticeable based on the Google maps direction, I ended up looking for a while for it because it is missing the iconic double arches people know. I was looking within the mall area because of the map description, and wished I was across the street as it would have been easier to see. When I entered to place an order, one of the cashier's had an upset look or scowling face towards most customers, and unfriendly look. I didn't like her look so I stepped to the next cashier and I ordered it was fast, I ordered a Happy Meal and was asked if this is for a boy or girl (assuming a toy choice here). I get the order, no toy! And asked all they said was ""no toy, sorry"". I left, I'm not surprised by the lower than usual reviews here. Also when eating my food I ordered triple cheese burger but got doubles instead, at least I was charged for double only."	1
10795	"Slowest McDonald                           s I                           ve ever experienced... completely disorganized. Plenty of employees around, just nobody seems to kno"	2
10796	I don't know where to t. OMG! This is the slowest MCDs restaurant in the world. Staff act like if they were on vacation. You can see in their faces that they hate working here and are just looking forward to the end of their shift. Manager came out after a while and there was no improvement in performance. The automated order system was not working so I waited in line for 10 mins. just to order and pay. From this point it was exactly 27 mins. until my order was ready. All that was was a bottle of water and a mocha coffee. And I had to ask them otherwise it would have been more than half hour. I reckon staff must really ask themselves whether they want to work here. There may be other better places where they could find job satisfaction. Here they're just turning a bunch of people into unhappy customers.	1
10797	The service was good but there was this 1 weird guys that was asking for money to buy a sandwich to eat which I had no problem giving him $3 and the other guy going in and out and sitting down together with the guy asking for money to eat a sandwich and asking out for 1 or 2 lucy (in case for those who dont understand its cigarettes). The managers should be putting additional people at the register for them to see thilese things because the look on some customers where not comforting with the situation.	4
10798	"Waited one hour for a 4 piece chicken nugget happy meal. Disorganized, unapologetic, and zero customer service. The kiosk machine for fast service was anything but that. They lost my order and the manager didn't want to step up to admit so."	1
10799	If I couldn't give a  I would because the service over there is poorly I order a salad and they did not give me a fork so I asked for 4 for one. I was standing there for 3 minutes and then I asked her again for it and she told me no. Worst service ever.	1
10800	"I really do not even like McDonalds... but, despite extremely crowded, here I experienced was the best service I've received in South Beach. The only attentive person I met at that region was this McDonald's attendant!!! The sandwich and the rest of the experience was exactly the same as here (BR)."	5
10801	"Absolutely the worst customer service I've experienced in my 46 years. I was in line waiting to order, mind you the line was so long you would have thought they were giving food away, and just as I get to the front of the line the cashier just walks away and says nothing.  I wait about 5 minutes and ask, is he returning to take orders, and was told no we only have one line now. The employees were rude, the lines were unbelievably long, and it took about 40 minutes to order and receive your food.#TheMcDonald'sfromHELL"	1
10802	"Slow service even on take out, didn't get everything I ordered and the food was below par. Go to subway just down the street."	2
10803	Fantastic service! Came in around breakfast time and My wife was told that McDonald's doesn't have fries and continually asked if they would ever have fries and was told no fries! Legit this was better than the comedy show I saw in the cruise before stopping by here. Must see during yorr trip to Miami.	1
10804	"The food is average here like all McDonald's nothing so bad like cold food or anything .the bad part about this location is that it somewhat seems to be a safe haven for bums and schizophrenic drug addicts. Everytime I have ever went here I am approached by someone asking for money or food , its ridiculous... it's like they all hide in there and come out to beg when a new customer enters. Last time I was there a bum with an injured leg was high on crack or something and scratching his open wound with the gauze removed.. completely disgusting, miami filthy ."	1
10805	No value menus late. Very looooong waits. Homeless piss peoples everywhere. Rude managers clueless grill workers. I feel bad for the cashiers who try and smile but get screwed over nonstop	3
10806	"I like the braveness & curiosity of Mac to try the automated standing servers!  :)
I do not care if the idea worked or not, but he took the risk! That is what business is all about!
Okay guy, nice location next to the touristic places of Lincoln Rd & Washington Ave.  I gave it 5 because they deserve it , if u compare this location to others & to other fast food places. Super clean regardless of the homeless community in SoBe."	5
10807	"This McDonald                           s is extremely busy and the service is terrible! After waiting for over 10 minutes for my sundae, I finally flagged down an employee and complained. Then she made it. Just a couple of hours previously, I watched someone fill my drink order and put it on a counter where it was subsequently ignored by the other employees who were handing out orders for 5 minutes! They have a computer system just like other McDonald "	1
10808	"Shocking, the worst McDonald's ever! The staff were dressed in their own clothes, leant on the till ignoring customers and looked put out when having to serve. They moved the slowest I've ever seen a human move, the were lethargic and made it clear they couldn't care less. All of them! Out of two orders, they got both wrong. It's a testament to McDonald's that their general standards are so high, across the world in my experience, that this terrible restaurant stands out as an exception. Whoever does their quality audits needs sacking, or spend more time there."	1
10809	Rudest employees I've seen anywhere I've been. Whomever is the manager and allows employees to act like this needs to be fired or maybe that's why they are stuck at McDonald's!!!	1
10810	"I walked away from my table, and when I returned someone had drunk my coffee. Straight outta the cup...what a nerve.!!!! While the cleaning lady was right there.."	1
10811	Well the Chicken Burger & Beef Burgers & Fries were the best we've had. The Milkshakes are the most delicious ones we've ever had with all that cream on the top Yummy                      	5
10812	"I would give zero s if I could. I went in to use the restroom. I was told it was out of service. I told the young lady at the counter that I understood it was late and they don't usually allow ppl you use the restrooms after a certain time but I was having an emergency and knew no where else to go. I was willing to make a purchase in exchange. I pretty much just paid to use the restroom bc the food was old and very disgusting. I was shocked. There was a group ahead of me. Everytime they asked for something they were told it wasn't available and had to order things they didn't want. I was told I couldn't get a medium fry, I ""had"" to purchase a large. Like really?.. I'm grateful to the young lady for letting me use the restroom but it was also extremely gross. Who is running this place?"	1
10813	"Waited over an hour to get food, it wasn                           t that busy. Turns out the people working there don                           t speak English and were calling the numbers in Spanish. (The screen is broken). All we                           d ordered was a quarter pounder meal and a McFlurry. The fries wer"	1
10814	Ordered a quarter pounder with silvered onions extra and instead was given dehydrated onions I mean a lot of these onions when taken back to the counter and I told them the issue I was then told that they didn't have any and was refunded my money was not asked if I wanted anything else I had to leave hungry	3
10815	50 cents for a water. Screw that. Rude employees and slow service. Never had such a bad experience at a mcdonalds before. It takes 45 min to get an ice cream cone. They either need to get better employees or a bigger establishment.	1
10816	"45 minutes waiting for a coffee... they serve me the wrong one... then the manager Marina came totally rude and aggresive to discuss that was what I ordered.  I show how wrong she was... but anyway she still rude and unprofessional.  Bad,  bad, bad... the worse place in South Beach."	1
10817	"I am a big admirer of Bear Freaks doing man vs wild in Discovery channel. From his program I have learnt about Everglades. Maybe I would think I would never visit this place. But it just happened without giving a thought to it. So, obviously I loved it. I believe nobody would disagree who visited this place already."	5
10818	"At this particular McDonald's ( Washington st. South Beach,Miami) The place is busy while the employees are moving around super slowly to get the orders prepared so the wait was a long for a McDonald's. Otherwise no complaints"	2
10819	HORRIBLE SERVICE! All employees look like they hate their jobs. Most with headphones taking to whoever on them. Cashier swearing at their coworkers and whoever they supposedly have on the phone. Claim they are not talking to the customers but the people in their phones. Took forever for just large fries and large sprite. dirty interior. No one is doing their job.	1
10820	Much better places to eat	3
10821	"Seriously, replace the entire staff or give them a training! We had to wait for about 45 minutes for our order, which was incomplete.

- wrong drinks
- cold food
- no sauces
- no napkins (alsno not available at the selfservice part)
- employees arguing with each other
- employees are juist having conversations with Friends who are at the desk.
- no structure in kitchen or frontdesk
- homeless people are sleeping inside the restaurant"	1
10822	Customer service sucks walk to counter to order my meal the Male cashier with 2inch painted fake finger nails was rude said something rude in spanish (i dont care to repeat) and walked away before i could place my order as if I wasn't good enough for him to take my order. However he did have time to come into the lobby and joke around with other Hispanic guests. I had to place my order with another cashier ( who was sufficient) My food was thrown into a bag and shoved at me by another crew member. All of the food was cold and the sweet tea tasted of coffee grounds. All of the tables were dirty and sticky. Having dined in and watched this gross misconduct happen to several guest. Having been a former Manager of a McDonald's it was a duty to share this experience with your company. To be honest if this store was in any other location it would go out of business for extremely horrible customer service and filthy establishment. If i had been a serect shopper or health inspector this location would have failed   %	1
10823	"This McDonalds is located in a great spot for tourist that are walking. What I really like is that there are computers where one can order and pay for their food instead of waiting in line. Also, they bring the food to your table. Keep in mind this place can get very crowded given the location.
The dining area should be cleaned by staff regularly."	3
10824	"Great food,great location,entertaining rude employees and clothing is optional.Food works like a tasty laxative,you are sure to go within two hours.Cuban employee screams out the numbers in spanish while pregnant employee says Customer should turn gay because he is not picking Up  any of the female employees.Another employee has a nasty cold and was mixing a lemon with hot water.Another Customer was told by pregnant comedic employee  if he did not like their Service he should go eat on Ocean Drive."	1
10825	I went there two times with bad experiences. Both time the automatic cashier was out of paper. You are calling assistance to have your number of order and they don                           t care. They serve your coffee black even of you asked to add cream in the order. Looks	1
10826	"Self-service order is chaotic. Only received 10 Nuggets instead of 20. Ordered sauces have been compeltely forgotten, now for the second time we had to remind them. Toilets were not clean.
However, food was as expected from McDonalds."	1
10827	Good drive through service. And the tell-tale fish filet sandwich was cooked perfectly.  I would ask people leaving the drive through to NOT come back out onto the 16th street because it causes havoc at that light.  Please follow the signs around to the left.  It's not that far out of you won't have to be rude and prevent people from turning right on red.	5
10828	Not one person working spoke hardly any English inquired about Santa's Enchanted Forest coupons which was posted on the door no one could even answer me and said the didn't speak English. I said how you have a job in the United States and not even be able to speak English and they just laugh at me. It took at least 30 min to get a sweet tea this place is Seriously Screwed Up! I will Definitely be calling customer service about my issues at this McDonald's.	1
10829	"I normally do not eat fast food, but I stayed out late and placed an order at 4:30am. The service was fast and friendly. The food came out correct, hot, and fresh. Overall great experience."	5
10830	Food was good service was god awful. If you're selling hamburgers how can you have no ketchup or mayo packets. Waited forever oh and they have the napkin police you can have 2 napkins LOL. The only reason why I'm giving a second  is the food was good and hot.	2
10831	"Server got my order wrong and made no effort to correct it. Said next and dismissed me very rudely. Tried to talk to another server who barely spoke English, and got the same service as the first. The order that I did get was not at all fresh. Overall worst McDonald's experience I've had. Not impressed and would not come back because of the rude workers."	1
10832	"Visited  Sunday   17th  March 2019. Without any doubt  the worst McDonald's   I have ever visted. Yes it was busy but the staff dont respond. Stood around talking  whilst  massive queues of customers  built up. Absolutely  no interest  in customer service.

Food lukewarm so they obviously  not waiting for it to be cooked. No point sending it back to wait another 20 minutesNo one giving leadership. Ray Kroc will be turning in his grave. A disgrace if posssible 0 s"	1
10833	Never experienced worst customer service in my life. I got charged for a 20 piece nugget (Which is what I ordered) but only got two boxes of 8. Then an employee gave me attitude and ignored me when asking for Sweet n Sour. NEVER COMING BACK.	1
10834	"If you do anything today. Please tell each and everyone of the people that works here they suck. From the guy who can't answer the phone and correct an order to the manager that clearly has not one shred of managerial integrity. I'm sure someone here is worth saving, I just never came across them. #mcdontatall"	1
10835	"God, I swear, everytime I come here... what a disaster. The most incompetent employees. There's a thousand employees and service is super slow. Place is always packed and full of homeless people inside and outside the store. I don't even get food, usually I come in for a iced tea and have to wait 10 min+ never again!!!"	1
10836	"There are plenty of comments about poor service, not enough about poor quality of food. Not only did they mess up multiple orders, the chicken was undercooked and not eatable. Go eat somewhere else, this location won't meet even your lowest expectations of this brand."	1
10837	"0 s. It was 11 pm and I was trying to grab a quick snack after work. The cashier told me i couldn't order anything from the dollar menu. They were only serving large combo meals after 9 pm. They had medium cups but wouldnt allow customers to buy medium drinks. I didnt want to spend $9 on food that i didnt want.
I went to the 7-eleven down the street and bought pizza and a drink instead."	1
10838	Known as the homeless McDonald's. There kinda slow and really English dosnt work well here. But generally all you would expect from McDonald's. Service is slow.	5
10839	"Terrible experience to say the least! Workers didnt care & they were rude. Took 15 minutes literally to make a bacon,egg, & cheese biscuit. I would never go to this place unless you were ving and only had a couple bucks to your name!"	1
10840	"same as all the other reviews, slow, only 6 items on the menu, employees are on their phones more than their helping customers in front of them. Employee's also trash talk customers in front of other customers... Wasn't even worth the head ache of receiving sub-par food for."	1
10841	Very good	4
10842	"WORST MCDONALDS EVER! Considering is in a very important location in town: staff is rude, lack of service, lack of cleanliness. I                           m EXTREMELY impressed of how the staff DO NOT SPEAK ENGLISH. Zero! I speak spanish so I don                "	1
10843	"This McDonald                           s is an embarrassment to the well known franchise. I have never experienced such poor customer service from a fast food restaurant. I was making a delivery for postmates and the cashier refused to take the order saying that they didn                           t sell small fries, mocha latte                           s and that their ice cream machine was broken. I wondered why on earth are they open if they don                           t have a"	1
10844	"THE DIDNT HAVE MY HONEY MUD , SO THEY GAVE ME MUD INSTEAD"	1
10845	"I had a security guy who works at this McDonald's ask me to leave as I was enjoying my egg McMuffin, coffee and reading.  The idiot said ""you've been here more than 30 minutes and need to leave"".  I told him to not be rude and to pound sand, he didn't like that.  Never in my life have I been treated like that or spoken to like that while sitting in any restaurant after paying let alone a crummy, disgusting and badly staffed McDonald's with rude employees.  To top it all off my order was messed up and so was this elderly mans order.  A disgrace of a McDonald's, should be shut down IMMEDIATELY!!!"	1
10846	They didn't give me what I ordered! I paid for 5 hamburgers and they only gave me 4 and the sauces were not the ones I ordered.... on top of that you don't get to refill your drink... I'd give 0 s if I could! Avoid it	1
10847	"This place is a filth. They don't bother cleaning the tables. The service is ridiculous and the employees are super rude. I don't recommend ever getting food here. I don't trust this place and I don't even trust sitting anywhere. And for anyone's sake, don't ever go to the restrooms. I'm surprise this place is still running and hasn't shut down. Gross!"	1
10848	"This is the worst MacDonald's I ever visited. I waited 30 mins for my order. While waiting I observed many other customers waiting and getting their orders wrong.  The staff that was giving out the orders, had difficulty sat the numbers in English. I understand we are in Miami, but come on now. The worst.."	1
10849	Fast and efficient staff.	5
10850	"Will never come back again, I                           m from out of town, I waited 20 mins for some cookies and had to ASK for them. Then when I FINALLY got them she literally put the13 cookies in a to go bag, no tote, not wrapped up, literally just thrown in a to go bag AND they got my order wrong, gave me chocolate chip AND raisin, had me wait and 6 of "	1
10851	Oh Lord like who thought it was a good idea to have only 4 people working at night? That is horriable I feel so bad for the two ladies and the security officer working in these conditions. This is why these fast food companies don                       	1
10852	"Disorganised, quite possibly the worst fast food restaurant I've been to ever. The staff who read out order numbers don't speak English, my own and many other customer orders were incorrect and staff had no interest in correcting them.

Whoever manages this branch should be ashamed of the shamblic lack of customer service here."	1
10853	Do not come to this place. I come here expecting nothing and every time come out disappointed. You can always expect your drink to be watered down since they have them sitting pre-made. While waiting for my food i was forced to hear the obscenities that were screamed out back and forth between the employees. One employee even asked for a straw and a pregnant employee asked him if he wanted to be masturbated by her left or right hand. I                           m not making this up. The employees there	1
10854	"Very slow service.. One cashier with a twenty people line.. One lady leaning by the soda machine for over 15 minutes.  now 20.. You can order at the kiosk but you still got to get in line to pay..
Not organised at all"	1
10855	It                           s aite! Just chang	1
10856	"The food was cold we never got our drinks or ice creem the manager was so rude he thought u got u drinks after your food but we did not get our drinks at all even after waiting about a hour. This place sucks do not EVER go hear un less u like bad service and terrible food.
Hope they go out of business."	1
10857	"This location needs to be shut down and reopen under new management. Everything is wrong at this place- the food is cold, dirty restrooms, your order isn                           t being made until y"	1
10858	"No one speaks English here! And the employees don't like people who speak only English obviously. How is this place still in business. I tried the self-service order machine and there's no pager at all. The counter ended up giving me the wrong order and charged me twice the money over the machine.

Ahhh!"	1
10859	"Staff are incompetent and the place is chaos. No one knows where to go or stand.  All the empty tables were dirty. Food was rank as well. Go and enjoy the local food, like I should have."	1
10860	"Filthiest McDonald's I've ever been to. We visited twice, at different times and it really is disgusting. Not surprising though since it's literally filled with homeless people, sleeping. It's like a shelter in here.
Police came in and kicked several out but not all of them."	1
10861	Manager refused to refill my coffee. Overall restaurant team members are rude. I recommend going elsewhere. I think manager has poor customer service skills. Very disappointed at this location!	1
10862	Great place & great prices.	5
10863	"Very bad service, too long to wait for your order. (15 minutes for 1 latte... really guys???) Almost no customers, but dirty tables and restroom which has no soup and hand dryer isn't working. Both of them. Shame!"	1
10864	"Always out of nearly everything regardless of the time of day, no value menu items are ever available past noon and good luck getting anything but fries after 7:00."	1
10865	Clean rest rooms                                     I	5
10866	"Dirty, and bathroom was not clean.you need to be buzzed in to enter the bathroom, also, bad odor ( B.O) throughout the restaurant"	1
10867	This is not open 24hrs. It's crowded most of the day time! Service could be faster and more organized.	3
10868	Horrible experience ever!!! You have to wait at least one hour to get your food. Those stupid machine I order a happy meal for my son it charge me but it didn                	1
10869	"They were really short on staff, the orders took an eternity. This mcdonalds really needs a permanent security guard, the amount of people coming by on drugs making noise and disturbing are way to high. For the first time in my life i was afraid inside a mcdonalds. Not returning for sure."	1
10870	"I would give it -5 if I could.
Total DISGRACE to McD brand.
We placed an order and paid at the self-serve kiosk. Receipt did not print out. Took our order # in vain hope of seeing the food. No such luck. You need to push yourself through the crowd at checkout counter to wait for order to come out. After 10+ minutes, we heard ""quatro"" screamed out by an employee.  That could have been our order, except it was missing few pieces, and none of the employees at food handout desk spoke any English to understand what I was telling them. NONE.  And my Spanish was not good enough to get the point t across either.
I went back in line, waited another 10mins to speak to a woman taking orders manually, who had to ask for an English speaking manager to troubleshoot our order.  Eventually, order was remedied, handout employee was instructed in Spanish how to fix our order, which she did, finally handing food to us with a farewell message of ""go cuno"".
You can lookup what that means, or avoid our mistake and NEVER go to this McD at all costs."	1
10871	"The staff doesn't speak english. I used the kiosk and they were supposed to bring the food to our table, that didn't happen. My food was cold and stale, i complained and was ignored for 5 min mainly because they didn't speak english.... No Good!!! i would understand if the menu was in spanish but it's in english, don't you think that they people that aere serving you should understand the language the menu is in???"	1
10872	"The wait in the lines was a turn off but it's understandable because of it's location, there's a high demand because people seek fast food, something fast to eat. Just like any Mcdonald's location the meal will fill you but you may want to take it to go if you die for those peaceful eats."	5
10873	"This McDonalds serves as the poster child to why they should fully automated. The service is terrible. 9pm on a Saturday night and you'd think they've never served humans before. More employees standing around doing nothing while the line stretches to the back of the store.  Half the items in the menu aren't even available. One employee endlessly walks around the dinning area sweeping up nothing. Food arrives...french fries literary have no seasoning at all. I ask for salt, may as well be asking for solid gold."	1
10874	This was the worst McDonald's I have ever been in the manager was incompetent and the people behind the counter were just as much of idiots as he was they actual tried to tell us that they gove the food and then give the drinks later McDonald's corporate needs to get involved im this location the manager and people behind the counter were yelling at people after people had to wait 30 mintues to get there drinks I finally gave up after 45 minutes I ask 4 times 4 my ice creams and drinks before I got 3 whole dollars back. and spoken to like I did not onow what I was talking about I have never been in a McDonald's that gives food first and drink later... Horrible service and horrible people that work there.	1
10875	"Truly awful. Everything was broken down, many menu items weren't available. The nuggets that I did manage to get were overcooked--not quite briquets, but definitely crispier than I expect.

Probably the worst Micky-Ds I've been to."	1
10876	"Very crowded, not organized,  bathrooms difficult to access and had no toilet paper in most stalls. Not very clean"	1
10877	"A Restaurant without a Restroom !? In the Pandemic !? And no Sanitizer? With  capacity of over 100 seats? In South beach  Miami? Possibly coz the profit is not good to pay a cleaner ?   You should say 'Mcdonalds & partners' coz the customers use the surrounding restaurants ""and streets"" to wash their hands or to pee. Still Unique, coz you cant find this in suburbans of Delhi, or Khartoum.  Shame...."	1
10878	"A true rip off! They automatically upgrade you for a large meal without asking you anything! I didn't realize right away. When I went back to the register, the girl said that's how it was if you don't specify you want a regular meal... Where else have you seen that??? She didn't apologize or offer me to refund the difference or anything... I asked to talk to a manager and she said she was the manager!!! Waow what a customer service! Anyway it's not for how much extra you pay it's just the fact that Mac Donald is a big corporation and shouldn't allow that kind of policy because the place is packed of tourists and staff take advantage of it. It's unbelievable to treat customer that way!"	1
10879	"Worst customer service ever employees are rude and not helpful at all,  I Sat an watched 2 employees sit in the dinning area and just chat for over 30 min while the restaurant was busy.  Tables were very dirty had to clean my own to use.  Don't ever eat here."	1
10880	"Slow service and make sure they get your order right. Hint...Order from new kiosks. Buns outside asking for food, and if you dont help... they tend to get biligerant. Not cool, Mickey Ds. Manager knows, because I told them."	1
10881	You know why this McDonalds is rated so low? It's because they have 6 ITEMS ON THE MENU EXCLUDING FRIES AND DRINKS! This place is trash! Had to wait 30 minutes in line just go get 2 quarter pounders and 2 fries! If you're in Miami I'm warning you do not go here! There's much better places in Miami to eat then this garbage.	1
10882	"Lincoln road and Washington Late dinner food was correctly prepared served hot
This place is always packed. It took over 10 mins to  get food.*** If you find this review helpful please like it so others will view it ***"	3
10883	One of the worst McDonald's I've been. The staff is so unhelpful and with really bad attitude. The ordering kiosks never works and usually one person taking orders for like 10-15 customers. Everytime I'm here always people walk out. And after waiting for 25 minutes to order they don't have most of the menu items available. Worst staff ever	1
10884	"Worst McDonald on planet earth!! Sloppy service, dirty, limited selection on the menu. I believe mc Donald is losing millions with this place.
Once I ordered a double quarter pound and got a single. Once I ordered a single and got a double. One night I order a quarter pound but they had no more so I order a cheese burger and had no more I just left the place.
Also after a certain time they only serve large meals, no small nor medium."	1
10885	"Service was absolutly shocking, I have been there twice now (Breakfast / Lunch) and I have been served but the same ignorant girl both times. Even though it is only fast food I still expect the service to out-shine everything else. She needs a lesson in hospitality, or go and find another job that is far away from dealing with a customer face to face.
The decor could do with up dating, but its surroundings with the style of Miami Beach being art deco / retro makes it fit in.
Food - Breakfast was great, quality was great, had to ask for sugar and was given 17 packets for some reason. Lunch was poor, no quality there, cold fries, and it was busy! So that makes no sence.

Overall - Poor. Wont be going back there in a rush!!"	2
10886	"Manager in the morning of April 26th at approximately 8am was the rudest I have ever seen, should not hold that position at all, .."	1
10887	They won                           t sell you anything that isnt $5+. You can            	1
10888	"MEH! To 10th power only good thing is they're quick. Service is subpar, there's never a hospitality smile towards the people they're serving. It feels like a grinder there, they must have a high employee hire rate there no one gives that extra effort for the guests, Thankfully there's a security guard working the dining area. I know it's Lincoln road and there's been a homeless and late night problem since forever, getting jacked for my fries will cause a huge problem."	2
10889	"while I'm was ordering my food , there was a homeless lady waiting on her food . she came to the cashier and asked her"" where's my food ! I've been waiting for 25 minutes "" , u could tell that she was upset ( I would be upset too! ) . the manager Carlos ( he has to be the worst manager ever ) came to her and he said with a Nasty attitude "".... AND!?""   he gave her a nasty look and walked away . the homeless lady sounded that she had a speech problem . Carlos ted saying  to the cashier stop taking orders from her !! never again ""!!... and then the homeless lady said , can I get my money back then?? , she got $5 dollars back.   carlos said as soon as she walked away he said ( with a nasty attitude ""she can have her money back I ain't the one sleeping in the street !! and she won't be eating haha..."") . can't believe he said that in front of customers.  !!  something else , the place was super nasty! we couldn't find a clean table ! and there was 2   homeless men sleeping inside of this  . I wish I could give this place -1."	1
10890	"Worst Mc Donald's I have ever visited. None of self kiosk working, one registr open with slow worker, line of 30 guests, some items of menu run out, In stead of Fanta I got Ice tea, fries quite cold. A little bit filthy. 4 workers doing nothing and eating ice cream instead of serving customers. As a person working in hospitality business, I was really shocked, that manager and owner of the restaurant must see this, they are wasting a lot of money. Actually  this working habits are quite common everywhere in Miami."	1
10891	"Ordered here from DoorDash about 5 minutes ago, they forgot one drink, our sauces, and an entire burger, probably the most my order has been screwed up, ever."	1
10892	"this place is ridiculous, train your staff please"	1
10893	"Worst McDonalds in the USA! I would give this place a negative  if it was possible. There are a ton of homeless, creepy people hanging around outside and inside. The staff are totally clueless, rude and have no concept of customer service. I waited for 10 minutes on my double quarter with fries, when it came out, the fries were cold as could be. The cashier couldn't care less about my cold fries as she was busy flirting with some seedy looking guy who was hanging out around the counter. This restaurant would maybe be ok in the urban sprawl of Chicago or Baltimore, but I expected much more from one in South Beach. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!"	1
10894	Worst experience ever!!!  Didn't have anything on the menu. When we finally found something we could actually get it was cold. The buns had been toasted long before the burger was made. Not even warm enough to melt the cheese!!  Never again!!	1
10895	Something needs to be done about this McDonald's (granted i dont frequent any McDonald's) i just spent $8 on my breakfast and the only thing edible was the steak patty from my steak bagel...everyone there seemed to be tired too its 10am!!!...and how come no one speaks English there including the manager...is this miami south beach orrrrr??	1
10896	"This place sucks! I'm never had oily greasy chicken nuggets before, they served that here. I got a grilled chicken sandwich but with no sauce. So I literally also had a large chicken nugget in a bun. Wait time is rediculois, waited 23 mins for 2 items and a drink. Worse macdonalds."	1
10897	"Probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Service was awful, there was a giant cluster of people grouped together waiting to order even though they have those kiosks to order (they were down). They didn't give us the correct food or fix it when we told them. Don't come here. Not even if you have a McDonald's crave. Don't do it."	1
10898	Worst McDonald's ever so many staff doing nothing. Been here 3 times and all bad experiences. Food so long to be handed out it's cold that's if you get the right order. Tables filthy and never seemed to be wiped and toilets are disgusting.	1
10899	"Food amazing. Prepared quick and fresh. Everything was sooo good. Burger fresh, fries fresh and hot...Reminded me of McDonald's food from the 90's...   "	5
10900	This location is Very rude and impatient. This place needs to be shut down or replace the employees. Simple.  All of the female staff is RUDE ...	1
10901	"was horrible workers barely speak English. at 11pm all of sudden made up late night menu only had select items ie quarter pounder big mac, fish fillet no kids meals fries but only large. fries were old. Hispanic manager barely wanted to do refund stalled on that. would give 0 s if allowed"	1
10902	"Run by morons. We order 2 cones. They charge for 3 cones, so apparently 3 different couriers need to come to serve us. After 5 minutes of arguing amongst themselves and running to the back and telling us they                           ll get us the ice cream; a guy comes back to tell us that they won                    "	1
10903	I ordered normal Nuggets not Chili nuggets!!!                	3
10904	Place was very busy and it takes me a long time to take my order	4
10905	It's nice. The automated ordering machines has a cash payment option but it doesn't work. The menu is fantastic. Lots of options.	4
10906	Horrible. Place filthy.Service terrible. They fix ur drink early and 20 mins when u do get ur food its waterd down. Tables dirty and food on the floor. I asked them why its so dirty they responded that its the homeless people and tourist fault. Im like what.....	1
10907	"Despite it being rush hour in Miami Beach, the place didn't seem dirty nor the restrooms. The is no parking near the McDonalds so you'd have to find a way to park yourself. Customer Interaction was minimal, which was good(for me), because this McDonalds had a purchasing mechanism for people to buy whatever they want there and receive a receipt to show the cashier and you're basically done, all that's left is waiting for your food. Quick Tip: You are able to pay with cash if you prepurchase, but the money will go to the cashier, not the mechanism. The mechanism does accept any kind of Credit/Debit card."	5
10908	"Amazing place ,thank for your services.."	5
10909	"Service was appalling, food took ages, dirty store and toilets. Incorrect orders and took 15 mins to rectify. Really creepy staff.
I expected it to be fast especially being on holiday from the UK but I was disappointed in my whole experience"	1
10910	"It was the most terrible Mc Donald                           s I ever been!! The staff is completely all over the place.. they don                           t even now what to do!
It is"	1
10911	WTH. 30 minutes and still waiting.  A terrible  location.  Skip it all cost. Bad management.  Bad food. No organization. Its a mess in here!	1
10912	"Worst McDonald's i have ever been. The burguer was completely soaked in fried oil. It was so disgusting. On top of that, they took like 15 minutes to serve our order, and they gave us a paper bag instead of a tray when we ordered it for eating there. Avoid this place"	1
10913	Worst mcdonalds ever. They pretend they dont have anything on the menu and pretend they dont have any sizes other than large. South beach deserves a better  restaurant.	1
10914	"Horrible service. If I ever have to. I will try to avoid going to that Mac Donald                           s again.

Every time I go there they mess up my order.

Waited 30min to get my son an"	1
10915	The worst McDonald                           s I                	1
10916	Just close it down. Worst service ever. It's a tourist based Mcdonalds so they know most customers are a one time customers. But I live in Miami Beach. I hate this place so much for lack of care and customer service. And they know corporate or management doesn't care. Makes me not want to go to any Mcdonalds anywhere at all.	1
10917	Worst service ever if it totally disrespected being disabled I have to be served outside window and they said no we can't do that and they forced me to go inside I'm asking where or just here's money I'll meet you outside they need threaten to call the police	1
10918	"Rude service, fries were underdone and cold, sweet tea was like pouring a bag of sugar down my throat. Unless there's an apocalypse and zombies are after you stay away from this place."	1
10919	Terrible attention. It takes 20 minutes for the delivery of a burger. I don     	1
10920	"THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE DON'T  COME HERE AND HERES WHY.

1. Horrible costumer service.
2.The sprite taste water down and it taste like a knock of sparkling water.
3.My friend and I bought Oreo McFlurry taste like eggnogg.
4. The fries are cold
5.They don't give you napkins and ket
6.The Wrap-Cpy is soggy and if you want it crippsy too bad.
7. It's really dirty

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME COMING HERE!"	1
10921	"Racist!

The female with a foreign accent stated ""that's why we don't like black people"" after I demanded a receipt for my cash purchase of large fries. They would not accept any other form of payment!

Mean, nasty, and rude!"	1
10922	Open 24 hours and serves all day breakfast.	5
10923	This is the nastiest Mc Donalds on the planet. It's not unusual to see multiple homeless people sleeping inside and the diner is always filthy. I'm not even going to mention the bathroom. If this is what the front of the restaurant looks like imagine what the kitchen is like. I would never eat here. I wish I could attach pictures on here so you all can see what I'm saying.	1
10924	It was the worst experience I ever had in a fast food restaurants....1st off the lines go around the Mcdonals not because thiers alot of people but because thier are staff on thier phones and talking to each other while the lines r going around and around ....2nd after u wait sooooo long to order u get an attitude fir asking wby its taking so long ....it was 30 mins give me a break ur not cooking mostly everything is heated up its Mcdonals ....3rd they get ur meals wrong everytime no fail always!!! Iv come here alot of times but Im fed up ....the girl that worked thier rolled her eyes and laughed with another worker because I asked about y it was taking long ... comw on I dont mind waiting all day. Ut be respectful ....custumer service ... .manners.....give some smiles.....if ur not going to work at least be polite ..... Something needs to be done this is not the 1st time and Im not the only one complaining!!! I never rate good or bad but today I cant take it .....I live in NY every place is packed and never ever the service I got here	1
10925	"Spent 30 min in line, partly because order numbers were only announced in Spanish, got given a sprite instead of a McFlurry, coffee was medium instead of large because I                           m guessing they couldn                           t r"	1
10926	"Tried to Order on the Terminal - couldnt pay cause it said i need a table number but they were no signs for it. Nobody could tell me where i get a table number, cause nobody was able to speak english here. Not even the employes behind the counter could speak english - they acted like they were retarded. I couldnt place my order and had to leave cause nobody could understand me - Thought this is Amerika ? Worst McDonalds ever!"	1
10927	One of the best coffees in Miami	5
10928	"How this McDonald's hasn't been shut DOWN is beyond me. This place needs more cashiers, security and a broom. An absolute otrosity. Many homeless people in the establishment. I have nothing against them. Shut this McDonald's down and open up a homeless shelter. The only reason I gave it one  is because I couldn't post this otherwise."	1
10929	"Food was fresh,staff was cordial but the restaurant itself was filthy!"	3
10930	"Always packed and food takes 20-30 mins sometimes, only worth it to save money but quality is not the best as others McDonald's off the beach"	3
10931	Crystal was the manager the night i was in. she was very attentive she listened to me and right away solved my issue and gave me such a nice dining experience that night thank you so mush crystal and your wonderful staff.	5
10932	"The worst Mc Donald's ever!
Nobody understands English!
Uneducated , and rude employees , including the managers!
The Coca-Cola is flat! Like water with a bad taste!
Full of drunk , drug addicts, and homeless people"	1
10933	"Clean, fast service"	4
10934	"Unable to use McDonald's app to purchase meal. Lack of communication when order is ready per order# leads to 20 min or indefinite wait times on 20 chicken nuggets.  No sauce with nuggets when asked to receive BBQ. No value menu and significantly overprices menues.  Let me finish by mentioning a non functioning hand dryier and no towels.  McDonald's Miami... ""I'm loving it.. "" NOT"	1
10935	Service horribly slow (more than 20 min to prepare a simple order outside rush hours). Unpleasant staff.	1
10936	"Super crowded and dirty. They yelled out our order saying it's ready, but after looking in our bag it turns out we were missing half of the food we ordered. They need to get it together."	1
10937	The food was good bit the service was awful! The cashier got an attitude because I asked if my order was right! Then on top of that the person handing out an order did the same thing because I asked for ketchup!	2
10938	"The staff talk loudly, they talk in their language                                     The store trash was out of the container the whole hour I was there eating my food                                     They're disrespectful to homeless people telling them to get the f*** out   "	2
10939	"The best meal for the best price, that I had in Miami"	5
10940	I required some hot water for my parents but they wanted to charge me for a tea. This could be no problem as a routine. Just make me somewhat uncomfortable.	1
10941	This location sucks. Very disorganized & dirty. They are not cleaning tables. Filthy. Workers are not helpful at all. Bathroom is nasty too.	1
10942	"Mc Donalds 1650 washington ave

This was a terrible experience with this gay guy, he is rude with customers and employees. I was standing for about 5 minutes in line, and i asked him why he is not taking my order, and he said:
I dont have 4 hands, i take orders after i finished serving all the orders. Im not gonna get a stroke.
Come one man! You are working in a Mc Donalds, you have to be fast and take orders while serving! That job is not for that guy. There are a lot of good workers out there who needs a job, and that guy dont appreciate that. I hear him saying to another employee: change your face because if you dont like it you can quit!

I would never go to that mc donalds! Never in my life! I never had such a bad experience with a gay! Those people are nice 100%! But this one has some problems!"	1
10943	"I have never seen so many RUDE employees here!!! The manager should be working at a flea market, no social skills!!!"	1
10944	"Worst mcdonalds ive ever been to in my entire life! The cashier entered the order wrong and made it look like our fault. We got supersized meals and we asked for sandwitches only.
The front workers did not know how to speak english ... Am I in the USA?! .. Pls
They did not have mac sauce."	1
10945	The worst McDonald's known to man. I would rather traverse the dmz nude than visit this monument to inefficiency. Visiting after 10pm? Only 8 value meals are available. And chances they get your order right with the reduced menu? 0.  Literally 0 for 6 in the 10 months I've lived close to this location. Save your sanity and Walk the extra distance to Alton and 16th and visit that location.	1
10946	"Ours a McDonald's..when you want it you want it. Ours the convenience ave reliability you go for when you do. Where ever you are and they have a McDonald's, which is seemingly most places with any population of any significance at all, YOU ALWAYS KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO GET.
McDonald's Fries                "	4
10947	I eat here almost 3 times a week! Great food. Not unhealthy like people say!!!! (According to that movie 'Supersize Me' I should be obese and having a heart attack right now) but im not..... I'm nowhere near out of shape.. but maybe I'm just Bionic.	5
10948	"Not lovin it. Dear all McDonald's, please shut the business down or sell actual food please. I can't believe the FDA ACTUALLY approves of this plastic food industry. Exhibit A- chicken nuggets. This gunk does not tear like an actual chicken. I rest my case."	5
10949	"SCAM, when I went here a first time, the waiter Mauricio gave me a wrong change, I've said nothing. The second time I've returned with this same waiter and he gave me the wrong change again. I've said to him, he took my money and my ticket and he gave me less than before ! As I haven't my ticket anymore, I haven't anything to prove it... It's a shame !"	1
10950	Employees are very rude and they give you whatever they feel like giving you . I ordered 20 nuggets they gave me no sauce. I asked for sauce the cashier gave me attitude AND they were out of all of the sauce except BBQ. This is the worst McDonald's ever	1
10951	It is equal here in Brazil. Not new.	4
10952	"I only have 1  just because. The employees are rude, manager pretend she don't understand English. They won't let you use the restroom because they said they just cleaned it. Their're so Rude....."	1
10953	"Dirty, crowded and loud."	1
10954	"Being coming to MacDonald for a while now, Never had a problem with the staff ,Ricardo one of the managers great service,and now you can place your order on one of the machine they have in the lobby,as well you place your order and they bring food to your table,waiters wow MacDonald."	1
10955	The the drive thru is consistently much linstantly much lower than what's expected	2
10956	"Don't waste your time at this McDonald's. You will be waiting for at least 30 minutes to get your food. Kiosk ordering is also messed up at this location, and doesn't work like it does at other locations."	1
10957	"Worst place to go to, one of the worst McDonalds around, all staff is useless and they sit there and talk amongst themselves when they see that the line is out the door, always crowded, they're forever giving out flat ass soda, they had someone waiting 20 min for a drink, I ordered a simple 5 item meal and they took almost an hour to finally give it to me, food is cold most of the time, you're better off walking 5-10 min to the McDonalds on the other side of Lincoln and get your food within like the first 5 min"	1
10958	"The worst Mcdonald i ever been in. Stuff is slow, lots of misunderstanding, they don                           t know what to do with mobile"	1
10959	"Very slow serving, I don't know if there was many new people in kitchen. But I had to mention what else they forgotten in my order in order to get it."	1
10960	Gets busy so remember your order number so servce  runs smoothly	5
10961	They took so long	1
10962	Although the food is great there was not full menu available even on request.. i think that should be a legal requirement and really spoilt my trip.. very sad.. as i wanted to compare calories and price.	1
10963	"Typical McDonald's Fast Food Restaurant if on a budget in South Beach this is ideal, store manager needs to deal with those coming into store and not purchasing food or drink can be intimidating for some people."	4
10964	Best value meal = Double Quarter Pounder Cheese just the sandwich with a Glass of water.	5
10965	Really slow service. Crazy long lines at 7:30 in the morning. Expect paying customers to be out numbered by homeless...	2
10966	"The food is good and their service is great. They only have one cash register in the morning, hate me more than one cash register open in the morning because of the traffic ."	4
10967	"Asked for #1 combo . They charged me for the large . I went back to complain . Register guy said since I didn                           t specify, than they automatically give u the largest combo possible. Nancy the ma"	1
10968	"Worst attention and food ever, don't worth the price at all. Waiters are very rude with customers. All the process was lingering and the food was really cold."	1
10969	Took long time to get food. Food was cold.when ordering on do it you self screen after you order everything you could not pay then had to get in line to pay.AC was not working super hot inside.	2
10970	Good for late night snack since it opens late. The restaurant is newly renovated and kept clean. But beware there is homeless later in the night sleeping.	3
10971	"Poor service! I played order first, I got the last ! They gave me sausage McMuffin without egg even though I paid the price with egg! Really really bad service!!!"	1
10972	Good staff and food	5
10973	Ass. Buddy at the cashier told my friend and I that there wasn't 6 pc nuggets and we can only get 10 pc. And how there's no medium drinks when the medium cups are IN FRONT OF US.  Con artist	1
10974	Everything dirty the whole restaurant. Was covered in trash n I was scared to eat my food but I was ving the staff isn't too friendly either they look like they wanna hope over the counter and t throwing hands at everybody	1
10975	Only thing I liked was 24h running.	2
10976	Too busy	3
10977	Rude and disorganized. 27 minutes to get coffee.	1
10978	Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Only half the menu items available (in large only). Terrible service. Rude staff  Got my order wrong and they gave me a hard time when I went to get the correct order	1
10979	All the workers dont have educaci                  n to threat customer .in dont Let use bathroon to old peopl	1
10980	"HORRIBLE SERVICE! ATTITUDES FROM EVERYONE! NO SMILES, JUST YELLING OUT NUMBERS AND TOSSING YA FOOD! FIRST TIME EVER IN MIAMI AND I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE IF IT WAS FREE FOOD! EVERYONE NEEDS AN ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT!"	1
10981	Trendy and Touristy planted in the right ventricale of South Beach. It has a modern make over. Not at all a bad ace for window shopping.	4
10982	"I've waited 10 minutes before I could make my order with one person in front of me.. Thanks the told me that they haven't cheeseburger.
The service isn't polite and every single person stands around and is doing nothing"	1
10983	It use to be a good meal there. Now they sell only the expensive meals! You don't have more choices on the menu. I recommend subway is more cheaper and healthy it's on the same block where is mc Donalds.	1
10984	Havent ate mcdonalds in a year.ordered a filet o fish.it was excellent. And the girl behind the register.dont know her name but she was a sweetheart. Dont see that often in mickey dees.	5
10985	Terrible customer service. Card machines didnt work on self service so people had to queue to pay despite placing an order which is just ridiculous. Staff were miserable. Barely said hello/hola	1
10986	Order and pick up system. Horrible. The worst. If you just want a McFlurry or a quick coffee forget it. Go to another place. Waited nearly 10 minutes after an order for a mcflurry....	1
10987	Very bad service	1
10988	"I don't really like McDonald's, this place was not very clean. The food is the same as in any other. The toilets were fine."	3
10989	I don't eat McDonald's usually bit when I'm in town I come to this location Bex the food is fresh.	5
10990	15minutes for a drink. Toilet worste than a war field. Everywhere dirty. No enough space. No receipt from the machine to order... Avoid this place!	1
10991	"Worst Mc Donald's around the world so far... They have some sparkling water with a flavor that reminds you coke, instead of actually coke... A cheap big Mac, not in a good way. No napkins or ketchup avaliable."	1
10992	It not good.     Staff - no customer service skills. I asked for milk for the coffee. They had no idea. Also no sugar was added and I asked for sugar. When I asked for a package of sugar I got lectured that I should have asked for it when orders.  It not good	1
10993	"Definitely the worst McDonald                           s that I ever been, it                           s a shame for a company like McDonald                  "	1
10994	Like any regular McDonald                           s. Nice outside eating area. Nice cle	5
10995	"Both English and Spanish staff. Very kind. The food is, you know, food from McDonald's, but the service and the restaurant are very good. Bathrooms were clean."	5
10996	Worst experience i                      	1
10997	"This is literally the worst mc donalds EVER. Don                           t even bother coming here.. so busy, staff is soso and also they got my order wrong. Like.. what?? I       "	1
10998	"It was the most slowest, unprofessional McDonalds I have ever been in in my entire life!!!!!!  No costumer service at all .Third person in line 7:00 a.m. - 7:45 a.m. still no food."	1
10999	"Sandwich crispy chiken, 2 pi                  ces of hamburger bread a"	1
11000	"Ordered take out. The staff was great and attentive, the food was perfect. Great location."	5
11001	It's McDonalds come on folks of course I'm still lovin'' it..J.O	5
11002	"Service is so so. The bad, some of the employees don't speak English. And while I was here, a confrontation between a black fat girl and an old bag on a wheelchair barking up a fight. Heard the old lady call the black a gorilla."	2
11003	Slow service. At night time absolutly slow and no care if customer wish to order or pay. During day it is recomended to order and pay at self-serving kiosk.	1
11004	"Not open 24 Hours.  Even the website says open 24 hours, but trying to navigate McDonald's website to contact them was impossible."	1
11005	"Worst McDonalds iv ever been to!

25 minutes for 2 cheese burgers and 6 nuggets and ended up getting 2 quarter pounder meals with cold patoto chips and a flat Coke.

Can't keep up with demand, i suggest finding a different McDonald's."	1
11006	"Great, the apple fritters are my favorite !"	5
11007	"I would like to put less than one  bit I can't.
Worst Mc ever been, if u want to eat something fast go on and find other places.
Not recommended."	1
11008	The service is horrible at in line for 30mins to be told the shake machine is down which always seem to be the story. They can only take cash and the customer service sucks. I really wish they get it together	1
11009	"This McDonald's can never get it right. I've stopped counting the amount of times that they messed up my order, whether it's a slice of cheese missing or my sandwich overflowing with sauce when I specifically ask for a little bit."	1
11010	McSorry AF location.Rude people. Your not doing people a favor by taking theire order. Your doing your job. Or you should be. What happened to Mcdonalds? They used to have standards	1
11011	Food was good and they are open 24 hours.  Have a limited late night menu and still didn't have items on that menu.	3
11012	"TO FLEE. Waiters are very very unpleasant. I have ordered a Sundae, there isn't no peanuts and they haven't proposed me another thing to substitute it, like M&M's or Oreos or whatever else."	1
11013	"Half staff is good half doesn't know what they doing,  they will need better management for sure! Be careful about preparing food please!"	3
11014	Really bad customer service. Not once but twice with two different employees. Asked for condiments and you would think they were doing me a favor.	1
11015	The worst MD i have ever been to! The dirtiest restrooms and always veeeery long lines! And also they often give your order partly	1
11016	Disappointed - wasted my time driving over here to find out that it's clearly NOT open 24 hours... JUST UPDATE YOUR HOURS ON GOOGLE ALREADY	2
11017	no power to the cardboard drinking straw	3
11018	This is the worst McDonald's on the planet not one of the rude Cubans that work there don't deserve to make a hamburger.	1
11019	So I was offered a free fries and drink if I lend the cashier my phone. The manager used my phone to complete customer satisfaction survey on mac cop website.	1
11020	The place is nice but the table all ways is dirty  is my 4time i have to clean the table at 8 am they have bad attitudes  all my family stop coming here	2
11021	I                           m so disappointed bec	1
11022	"Worst Mcdonalds, no matter the time of day expect at least 10-15min even if you order just coffee. Drunk homeless people always trying to get someone to buy food or free refills...unfortunately no other close by alternative McDonald's"	1
11023	"Be careful, they will only let you buy large meals at night time. But serve medium, not many notice because they're drunk"	2
11024	"Terrible service. They don't take the order properly and when the food comes out, is different from what I ordered. They don't even have mayo and it's a completely disaster.

The food isn't good compare with other mc
Mc Donald's.

Don't come."	1
11025	"Incredibly dirty! Not
One clean table in the whole place. I talked to
The manager and her response was "" Oops, I forgot
About the lobby"" ."	1
11026	Always good	5
11027	"Its supposed to be a fastfood place but after 10 min not one food order has been served.  The employees are standing around, not doing anything while many many people are waiting for their orders. One customer asked if any food at all will come out soon and did not even receive an answer. Don     "	1
11028	"Good location, dirty, orders messed up, seating has tiny tables or fixed-to-floor barstools.  Staff was helpful but disorganized."	3
11029	"Absolutely awful, staff messing around joking about and not making orders, giving orders wrong and screaming at the tops of their voices, over 30 mins for two burgers and a drink, lmao what a joke"	1
11030	"I just ordered Uber eats and paid extra 5$ for delivery, and I got no napkins, no ketchup, no straw ! Horrible service, I live one block from McDonald                           s and I just paid the extra mon"	1
11031	"Dirtiest restroom I had seen in my life. No paper, disfunctional totally. Do not go there!"	1
11032	Food didn                           t come. Had to rem	1
11033	The usual homeless pplz  all over dnt feel sanitary to eat in but tak outs the norm...	2
11034	Always quick service	5
11035	"20 mins to make an order, 30 mins to get it with wrong items! awful place! Staff uneducated, unhelpful and absolutely negligent to customers."	1
11036	Very poor service. Would only give us one cup of water for two kids! Not the experience I expected.	1
11037	Very busy but relatively well organized. Not sur about the cleanliness of the place. Good McDonald fare	3
11038	"Worst McD I've ever been. Hostess rude, meals wrong prepared and the manager so unprofessional that clearly explained how that branch works..."	1
11039	Everybody there was kind and hard working. Me and my sister went for breakfast and they hustled and made everything perfect in a few minutes:)	4
11040	It took over 20 minutes for 2weet tea's and a md fry.. the fry's was cold and nasty	1
11041	"The place is a mess. They take your order but when you pick it up, it is different of your request. The kiosks don't work. There is a strange smell near the cashiers."	2
11042	Worse McDonald's ever.  Waited in line with no service for 40 minutes only to be told they didn't have hot chocolate...  Really....  And the servers were rude and unhelpful...  Avoid this place if you can...  Shame on McDonald's for letting this place represent them....	1
11043	Yo I'm in Miami and they got steak and pancakes. That steak is gooood. I'm from Jersey we don't have that. McDonald's spread the love up North.	5
11044	"Gross. Why would you put this in your body? Please consider eating anything else. If you need to grab something to go, try Abuela's (Cuban) on Lincoln Road just a few blocks away."	1
11045	"Artisan Grilled Chicken was like rubber. Could not chew it. Payed 9 bucks for a drink, fries and tomato and lettuce sandwich basically."	2
11046	It                           s not true they open 24 hours. They usually cl	3
11047	Alway that I go they took to long to serve you and when the food come. Come like Ice cold. They should focus on food qualities more often.	3
11048	Cold food.  Consistently given wrong order. Cashiers barely speak or understand English. This place is a joke. Avoid this location!	1
11049	The food is good but the service and organization is a real mess.  Never go during rush hour.	2
11050	An ice cream cone is still a great buy here. I couldn't eat the whole thing. Doug had to eat part of it.	4
11051	"Worst service. This is why YOU should learn English when arriving to AMERICA!! 3 DAYS in a row something has to be missing. Either no creamers for my coffee, or no spoon for my oatmeal, or wrong sandwich."	1
11052	Very tasty food	5
11053	"DISASTER! fast food? Where? Here? Not man...forget it

QUALITY? Yeah right

SERVICE? They don't know what that means...

Hey somebody do something there, and remember HEALTHY DEPARTMENT IS AROUND THE CORNER!!!"	1
11054	The food was allright but the staff was very unfriendly. The need to learn how to greet people and smile.	2
11055	"Literally the worst McDonald's experience I've ever had in my entire life. Staff move at snail's pace, let people cut the line, do not even acknowledge the wait"	1
11056	Kinda bad. Burger was cold and dry. Figure the way it was busy. It would be popping hot patties like crazy...but no :(	1
11057	It was McDonald's exactly like ray crock wanted anyone inted anyone in the world takes the same	4
11058	Good for late night meal TBH	5
11059	"I don't recomend  this place,  it's very dirty .
smelling bad.....The need a better management.
The bathroom is worse......"	1
11060	"Clean, quick service. Open 24 hours. Great to wait for the Megabus stop ."	3
11061	Worst mcdonalds ever and thays saying alot because they're all terrible and the staff was so rude it was shocking i ask for ketchup he just es at me turns around and walks away and dosent even give me my drink and ignores me i will never go back	1
11062	The worse Mc Donald I've ever been. Under staffed and confusion to get your food right. Far away from company's minimum standard.	1
11063	It's always super packed in here. The food is ready at a decent time but the fries are never fresh	3
11064	Food was cold and of course the milkshake machine was broken...again	1
11065	Horrible absolutely horrible service .. Food was good though	1
11066	"Enter at your own risk, if you can make it pass the homeless hanging around outside."	1
11067	Saved my but one night. Manager was very kind and considerate to my situation and let me stay till I figured out what I needed to do	4
11068	Not your typical McDonalds.  Middle of the city McDonalds are dirty and bathrooms are locked and dirty. Service is slow and your order not right. But it is the cheapest food in the block.	3
11069	"Bad quality, bad service, missed the notes. Just go down the road to Five Guys."	2
11070	Most forgot they are working in customer service. They talk to people as if they are doing them a favor instead of we're helping each other	2
11071	"Slowest McDonalds! Fries often cold, coke taste like it has zero carbonation, restaurant never appears clean."	1
11072	"Standard McDs, but fully of the most shady nut jobs ever and this was 10am on a Saturday morning"	4
11073	"They only serve big mac, mcchicken and chicken nuggets after 10pm. No drinks or other food than that.. Then just close the mcdonalds if you are not serving your food anyway..."	1
11074	"Worst McDonald                           s in South Beach, asked for some water and she said                            we don             "	1
11075	Good place. Have a friend that works here	5
11076	I am very disappointed with this McDonald's.  I order my lunch 30 minutes ago and I'm still waiting inane for my to go order. I'm never going to this McDonald's again.	1
11077	Ordered over the app. Came here while it was raining and they were closed.	1
11078	Worst mc donalds ever 20 min for a salad then bring the wrong salad employees look like chickens without there heads	1
11079	Very  dirty place !!! Manager is really really really Rude so will never go Again    	1
11080	"came here after a road trip at about 11pm, the food was GROSS."	1
11081	"Loved McDonald's!only time I get to have it is when I adventure over to Lincoln Avenue and head towards south beach
Come on Miami beach build one near publix or Walgreens on 71st street"	5
11082	"Legit almost just got robbed here would not suggest going at night, even if your with the homies"	2
11083	Take for ever to bring you food slow services. Im not recommend this restaurant	1
11084	This Mcdonalds is really improving! I can see a lot of improvement specially on the staffs! Keep up the good work!	5
11085	The least expensive meal we have had in South Beach...I enjoyed every bite of it!!!	5
11086	"The worst McDonald's I have ever seen. Dirty, bad service and arrogant staff who do their own business instead of working."	1
11087	You only speak Spanish made for a harbor experience I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone I understand where we are but they need to speak English as well	1
11088	Horrible...Bad customer service...Dirty store with the men's bathroom broken	1
11089	I overheard the man standing at the window outside because it wouldn't open the door for people to eat inside to say if the people out there	1
11090	The place was very slow. Tables not cleaned. Recycled unused ketchup pouches instead of throwing away.	1
11091	Pretty much every employee here is unhelpful and clearly unhappy. My order is wrong every time.	2
11092	This location in Miami is horrible.  Ordered a Quarter Pounder and it came back twice under cooked. Not friendly at all.	2
11093	"Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Service is horrible and the food was worst. I don't recommend it, there's other fast food restaurants in the area."	1
11094	Services were very slow.  Order was missing items.	3
11095	By far the worst McDonald's I've ever been to.  Food was gross and the place is dirty.  Save yourself and don't come here.	1
11096	Workers  very sloppy in serving  food to customers  they walking around  while the  food sit there getting COLD and act like  we are bothering them for serving  us  all these attitudes workers  need  to give up the job to someone   who have better  customer service representation.	1
11097	"Worst McDonald's ever. Rude attendents, whitered french fries, Soda was like dirty  Water, and a bunch of homeless inside the restaurant requiring money."	1
11098	"I've never scene a worse place in my life! Bad service, terrible food, 25 minutes for a mcchicken you're kidding me right"	1
11099	"Service is horrible , not enough staff , wait is long , didn                           t get our order right afte"	1
11100	didn't speak english and messed up order (even after she double checked) and two other people in line had the same problem. honestly 0/5	1
11101	"Lovely for price and location. Fast Food great for ""very hungry"" and little money rs"	5
11102	Bad. Special thanks to McDo's WiFi	1
11103	Very bad experience I waited for my order long time and a lot people were waiting too.	1
11104	Easy access to SouthBeach. Good customer service.	5
11105	"What an awful filthy place. 84 degrees outside and no ice cream. The place looks like a zoo. Cups, paper, food, everything lies on the ground. Horrible."	1
11106	"Good shakes :)
Lot's of cream."	5
11107	Service was good quick and the place was clean.	5
11108	The restaurant was good except it took awhile to place and get my order.	4
11109	They dont have pickles I want pickles! The service is normal if you want to grab so delicious burger is an O.K stop.	3
11110	"The service and food is horrible, u order take a number and wait for someone to bring your food the food never gets delivered, u have to get bk up and get it, there are flies all over the place, very unsanitary."	1
11111	"tense enviroment, tourist being lost, locals not knowing English, the youth being punks.. great time!"	4
11112	"Worst McDonald's in all of Florida!!! Staff barely speaks English and are sooo rude. NOT at all customer driven, very conceited, ignorant, and self absoluteness for the wait. Stay away at all costs!!!!"	1
11113	I personally don                           t understand why is very bad	1
11114	Absolute nightmare. Super congested. Slow to get order. Employees confused and seemed as if they didn        	1
11115	"Poor management, kiosks and monitors not working properly and place understaffed. Additional sauces missing and incorrect items delivered."	1
11116	"I do believe that this place is without a doubt the worst McDonald's I have ever been in. Rude staff, dirty, inability to fill orders....endless"	1
11117	Half the kiosk machine's where down and crowd control was missing. Someone out front directing people and helping at the kiosks would have made a very different experience.	2
11118	This is horrible place! worst service ever! shame of Mac Donald!Do not visit this place. Completely mess!!Staff was conducting in inappropriate way!	1
11119	"Very busy, only had like 5 meals to choose from because they were out of everything else & when we got the order they we're out of the condiments we wanted."	3
11120	"This location is in a bad area, lots of addicts, but I guess that is what America is now.  I don't understand what this does not exist in other countries."	1
11121	Great Carmel Frapp                  s the large i	3
11122	"Kiosks not working, terrible restrooms, missed 2 articles in our 4 article order. You had one job, McD!"	2
11123	"Self-service machine doesn't work properly. Terrible service.
Wrong meal given, after arguing I got the right one."	1
11124	"The boy at the register was rude, the manager wasn't much better and the dining area was a mess."	1
11125	The management so mean                      	1
11126	Fast service. Good icecream. But terrible smell and rude people.	2
11127	Worst McDonald                           s ever managers is rude as hell for it to be no drive thru their s	1
11128	This place is the worst!  I came down on a 3 day vacation and spent two of them with violent food poisoning!!!!! This was the only food I had within the 24 hour mark.  I              	1
11129	"Crazy wait times at night. Self service kiosks not available and one of four cashiers open, horribe."	1
11130	"Stay away! Beggars allowed to harass customers, area is filled with pickpockets, cashiers try to give less change and pocket the difference."	1
11131	Always super busy and food is out quickly and still hot!	5
11132	Two nights in a row we ordered from here and they forgot our sauces.	1
11133	Looking for a quick bite to eat. Low on cash. Come to McD's. Just don't use the bathroom. Oof.	3
11134	It is the worse mcdonals. It has a bad customers attention.. always the local is dirty and the food does not has the best quality.. It has to improve the service because of that place is in a tourist point!	1
11135	"Worst service ever , people some respect the line. Service is very slow. Besides the waiting they treat you bad. Not recommend"	1
11136	"You order a meal, and they automatically charge you for a large without even asking. I didnt know till my food came, upselling customers :("	3
11137	Haven                 	1
11138	"This McDonald's is right in the beginning of Lincoln road. But they don't sell hamburgers or cheeseburgers. The weirdest thing ever. Only specialty sandwiches, so for kids it's a little inconvenient."	3
11139	This McDonalds has a drive thru only your walking so I would call this a Walk Thru Window.	3
11140	No veggie option that is a mess today	2
11141	"The worst McDonald                           s I                           ve every been to.
I ordered and payed fo"	1
11142	"Service is too slow, the worst at any McDonald's I have ever experienced"	1
11143	Very Good service.Mcd was packed & employees were very very professional & courteous. Repeat customer.	5
11144	"Service is so bad, totally inefficient, and slow. I waited for so long and my order was even wrong"	1
11145	"Very disorganized, I was given the wrong order, then given an incomplete order after. Only plus side to this McDonald's is the cheap food."	2
11146	"The place in Google said open 24 hs, we went there by 11 pm and it was closed"	2
11147	"Syf, ki                   and mogi         "	1
11148	"Worst mc Donald's I've ever been, filthy and bad customer service, the bathroom smells like nobody has cleaned it in a decade"	1
11149	The Artisian Chicken Grilled Sandwich was too salty and the tomato slice and lettuce completely overwet.	3
11150	At this location every employee have attitudes this is observing them with other customers. Horrible!!!	1
11151	"Sooo dirty. Used the bathroom after I ate, and I felt like I needed a full shower afterwards."	2
11152	Despite having a lot of people waiting they manage to have them satisfied	4
11153	"Lazy staff working out here, even if you tell them to make it fresh they will make you wait and still handover cold food."	1
11154	Very bad customer Service!!! Only one cashier open and she was very rude!! I did not Order	1
11155	"Tastes like sh.., no stuff available..."	1
11156	Probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been to! They forgot the mc flurry and were soo slow. Don't buy the quarter pounder!!!!!  :(	1
11157	Quick service.	5
11158	"This place does not deserve any s. The worst ever. I'm sorry, I thought we still lived in America, please speak English & Spanish!!"	1
11159	Ordered an apple pie at 2:03p and ate it at 2:30p only to relize it expired at 1:50p. It was hard and cold.	2
11160	"Q: will i ever get tired of the breakfast sandwiches?? A : No. They can do with tidier tables , though"	4
11161	"Seriously bad service, how hard is it to make a plain mcchicken?!? No ranch, no mozzarella cheese sticks. Rude employees, and slow service!"	1
11162	Extremely busy. Workers were rude and slammed your food down in front of you. Bathrooms were absolutely horrendous.	3
11163	Its McDonald's. Nothing to expect other than you've eaten most our lives. Staff was very friendly. Cheapest place to eat in south beach.	4
11164	Service was very fast customer service was also good	3
11165	"Whatever I wanted, the didn't have it! It was so long to wait to pay. This is the WORST McDonald's that I had ever eat before! If could put 0  I will do it!"	1
11166	"Horrible service. Only speak spanish, messed up put order. Dirty tables and bathroom.  Avoid"	1
11167	"Super bad wait time and service food, the fries were plain with no flavor also ."	1
11168	Horrible.	1
11169	Poor service. Cleaners were literally sweeping around our table while we were eating       	1
11170	Their food quality is nowhere near as good as BurgerFi's burgers & fries or FiveGuys.	1
11171	"Order was wrong and waiting far too long for ""fast food"" on ly good thing was the milkshake"	2
11172	Dont have 24hrs on your door but your doors are closed and there are people inside. Change your hours!	1
11173	"I always love Mcdonalds. It never fail me every time I needed to get a quick bite

Always the best!"	4
11174	The service was really bad we had to wait a very long time just to get fries and a milkshake and when they have gave us the order the fries were really bland	1
11175	Sucked if i didnt have to give this bad place a  i wouldnt of i dont know how McDonald's keeps these people working 4 them	1
11176	Great example. A bit busy. Had to wait quite a while for the food.	4
11177	"Long lines to order and to pick up,  employees behind the counter very slow, dirty, no customer service at all!!! I'm never go back here again! !!!"	1
11178	Not very good lines some guy cussing thought he was first behind me a ways... not so fun with a kid	2
11179	"Terrible,chaotic environment,employees,should not be exposed to the kind of verbal abuse,and lack of dignity show from the walk in visitors."	1
11180	"crowded, dirty, frantic. fast service, but your order may not be correct"	2
11181	There is no free refill in this place . But u can use mobile app for cheaper order.	2
11182	They was fast and hot and fresh not much seating tho	5
11183	Gr8	5
11184	Congested location and interior. Employees always mess up orders - due to the fact that most do not speak English	1
11185	I love McDonald's from south beach Washington ave every day mc coffee in my head           	5
11186	Giving it 1  because I can      	1
11187	Worst McDonald's on earth. Bathrooms are disgusting. Ordering is on kiosk but you never get your food. Pure chaos	1
11188	So slow.  Took forever to even order and now is taking forever to get the food.	1
11189	Haven't got any souse. Toilets were dirty. Really bad!	3
11190	Waited 55 minutes for my order. No English. No change available. Rude and unfriendly staff. Avoid this place.	1
11191	"Shocking service, staff didn't have a clue. Food was grim and the toilets were horrendous!"	1
11192	Filthy place. No paper on the order kiosks. Tables and floor very dirty.	1
11193	Worse McDonald                           s ever! We waited 45 minutes for cheese	1
11194	Worst McDonald's ever... not even in Mexico you can fine attention like this. Disgusting.	1
11195	It was cool for a quick bite to eat	2
11196	"The food was bad and the staff were rude what more can I say, not the most pleasant of visits to McDonald's."	1
11197	Best mc Donald fast and service good food not expensive           	5
11198	Typical McDonalds food. Seating was nice and ample. Women's restroom was unclean.	3
11199	"Not clean place to eat always dirty, the area for the juice and soda always has a smell"	1
11200	Staff was quick and professional. A welcome improvment from my last visit!	4
11201	Very poor- cleanliness was awful. Clearly no management focus on basic standards	1
11202	"there food never taste fresh and there service is very poor.... This McDonald's ""suck"""	1
11203	Very good options for All fast food lovers and placed at nice location....	5
11204	We use uber eat order meals. The McDonald's missing some items and processing is very bad.	1
11205	"Horrible restaurant, dirty, have no options, all the time just few combos available, should get out the the business"	1
11206	Very Bad service and NO CHESEEBURGER AT ALL!!  Worst McDonalds experience Ever!	1
11207	Not open 24 hours       	1
11208	They disregard promotion offers and very arrogance stuff and unfriendly boss. Very bad commercial for mcdonalds brands.	1
11209	Long waiting time for the order. Staff was nice and ok.	4
11210	You average McDonald                  	4
11211	"I found this McDonald's on Garnet Ave. in PB. I had my bogo free for a 1/4 pound cheeseburger.  I was helped by Evone at the drive-thru.  She was awesome in helping me at the drive thru.  I was able to get my bogo and the food was cooked fresh. She was very nice to bring it out to my car in a few minutes.  Thanks, Evone and McDonald's.  The quarter pound cheeseburgers were delicious."	5
11212	"If I can give zero s I would, I went in in front of the very beginning she didn't want to take my code for the app, then they literally gave me just the buns that were burnt and burnt chicken and when I asked for my money back they didn't want to give me the rest just the burger and I said that's fine but I need my fries and she threw my fries away in front of me and literally said that there was nothing there. So basically they're pathological liars and like to take advantage of others. I also believe they're all family members working there"	1
11213	"I love the food and all. When I ordered a kids meal, I asked to get Rocket (Guardians of the galaxy), and I was told they didnt know what it was.
Then when I received my kids meal, they gave me a Black Panther...                           "	5
11214	"worst macdonalds i have been to .

normaly i don                           t leave a review because it                           s macdonalds. it                           s most of the time good but i                           m traveling as a teen for almost a year and come to the macdonalds almost daily and never seen a place this dirty and so non customer friendly .
i walked in and ordered mac nuggets i payed with quarters because i had to get rid of mine change . the lady walked off out of nowhere and came back and said you haven"	1
11215	"Today the service was impressively spectacular, usually it                           s kinda questionable but today set a high bar so hopefully that continues. The staff has always been friendly to the people coming and going, it   "	5
11216	always  a joy. Clean and standard is always  a charm. Keeps  you going  back.	5
11217	"I use the drive through and I order 2 meals. No politeness from any of the 2 people inside. I asked for barbecue sauce, the girl throw one at me (and she really throws it) and then told me that if I want more its 25 cents for every barbecue sauce I want. Yall should go to the other Macdonald on misson bay, they are sweet and respectful and dont ask you to pay for barbecue sauce, Its free over there. Dont lose your time and money with those people, it just does not worth it.
Service: She throw sauce at me
Atmosphere: No politeness
Food: have to pay to get barbecue sauce lol
Respectfully"	1
11218	I haven                           t been to a McDonald                           s in years but the prices are way up. $27 for a small breakfast fo	2
11219	"This is not a 24 hour establishment.
They allow you to place an order via the app and then, you show up to pick up your coffee and they come to the window just to tell you they are closed and to dispute the charge with the app. Poor service and false business hours advertising!"	1
11220	"This was the worst place that I have ever been to McDonald's is a joke. I remember when this place actually care about what they make, and since when did they take the pickles off the Hamburger"	1
11221	Rip off pricing. I seen this first mc Donald try to charge 3 dollar for plain biscuit and they said they don't have egg biscuit key person try to rip off people by saying it depend on owner how they charge. Is this Mc Donald? They might have to change name Rip off Donald	1
11222	"They used to take EBT here, and now they don't.  If they got the EBT machine back in there, I'd probably bump the review up to 3, but they also got my order wrong today, and I've seen them treat local transients pretty poorly.  Even one guy who said he offered to buy a homeless man food without being prompted and stated that the staff kicked the homeless guy out because they thought he asked the man for the food and he said that he left and refuses to go back."	1
11223	This is the only McDonald franchise that charges CHOCOLATE MILK that is supposed to be included in the happy meal! Their manager told me that they only give SODA! When did kids t to drink soda?	1
11224	Just like Jack in the Box they let u dine in off a uber eats order . it makes it so much more helpful	4
11225	"Two s just for the brand, but let me be real here, the staff needs training in this location. Customer service not good! Every time when I go there is a long wait, I'm talking about waiting over 20 minutes or more to get your order, and the bad thing is there is not a lot of customers to have this long wait. Maybe they are always cooking everything from scratch ? I almost forgot to mention the funny part, one day I was a hurry and could not stop my scooter, so I went to the drive through and the lady told me on the speaker ""mamm please come inside, we do not serve people on scooters on drive through !! I was so upset and could not find a place to lock my scooter and I gave up on the whole mac thing, I just go there because my daughter likes to eat Md.!   You can also find some homeless and  junkies from the beach gathering inside to use restrooms.  Maybe just because is the beach area I suppose !"	2
11226	"Noise and dirty place.
BIP BIP BIP constantly.
The cookers also clean the toilets.
The Sistem twice a month doesn't work.
Long time for order meal."	1
11227	"This is the cleanest McDonald's I have ever been in. I normally won't review fast food places, but when I use the restroom at this location it was absolutely sparkling there was also a schedule on the door on the way out that showed when and who cleaned the restroom last I appreciate it that. The food was typical McDonald's good but probably unhealthy. :-)"	5
11228	Not bad was happy to have this sometimes you have to have something from home.  Was constantly good in texas and in san diego	4
11229	They don't take ebt there I was staving hungry at that time they were not so kind it was hard to walk from beach	1
11230	Got my order right but for 20 nuggets I should have got at least 4auces :)	5
11231	"If you like waiting an hour for your food, this is the spot for you"	1
11232	Probably the worst McDonald's in the area. The crew is always slow. The service is never fast. The restrooms and dining are are sometimes dirty but that's because of the customers. Thank goodness they have kiosks to order food. I recommend ordering through the mobile app if possible. They're always busy. They'd get more s if they improved their service first.	1
11233	"Terrible at the night. Staff is unfriendly and sometimes rude, when after 40 minutes of waiting, I asked where my order was, a guy named Gustavo just turned away and left.  They say that they have a lot of orders and few people.  Firstly, at least two people there only did what they went back and forth, but they could help other employees to speed up the process.  But my god, why should the service suffer from this?  Hire more people for the weekend.  Or did you not guess that people come to you on Saturday night? Supervisors need to conduct trainings for staff, otherwise they forgot how to communicate with customers and how the company makes money.  And in the end, where is your smile?  Or are the good old days of smiling gone?"	1
11234	"Cold, stale, busy saturday night. Would love to get that 20 bucks back."	1
11235	"Cashier said they
no longer take ebt card here. Bummer. I use to go here all the time because they did. Service is always good."	3
11236	absolute s*** hole can't even get an iced coffee right. severely uneducated and highly overpaid	1
11237	The drive through is a joke at night. They really got only 1 person working	1
11238	BEWARE!!! Roaches! Calling health department. This place will be closed down. Handed my food and a roach was on the bag. I jump out walk in place is filthy. Night shift girl refused to refund. Owner contact me. I watched as your staff be disrespectful to others. Giving food out for free to groups of Mexican kids. Garbage everywhere inside and out. I am on vacation this week nothing but time will be making phone calls all week. Wrong person people.	1
11239	Excellent experience. Went through the drive-thru and met the kindest employee James. Now let me tell you about James. He was humorous and really made my McDonalds experience one to remember. He made us laugh unexpectedly which was quite a nice surprise. 10/10 would recommend befriending James as he is a wonderful and positive employee.	5
11240	Being it was 5:00 a.m. in the morning I was hungry the work was there or so should I say one worker that took my order was not very awake and not too happy	3
11241	"If I could give this McDonald's Negative s i would. Worst McDonald's ever, Really Bad Customer service, very dirty, and Homeless people sleeping inside on booths then sketchy people around,  The older Lady in the front taking orders was Very Rude and unfriendly. Will Never come back to this place."	1
11242	The food is ok. But the food was also already sitting out.m. But the garbage is overflowing outside and the ground outside is filthy. The workers look overwhelmed and overworked. There's a lot of garbage hanging out of the container. The bathroom smelled like it was cleaned with a dirty mop and pee. The woman at the counter was polite and nice. She makes this review higher than the one  this McDonald's deserves.	3
11243	"Good deals on their app. No restroom available, not good for paying customers. Service is somewhat friendly, they laugh a lot, not that's it's bad but a lot of extra laughter makes you wonder what's so super funny? I wanna laugh too! ;)
Ordered a large iced coffee,  was a good value but my idea of extra ice is different than theirs.  Other McDonald's I was able to do the pumpkin spiced coffee with the deal/ coupon but not here,  oh well can't beat a large ice coffee for 99 cents + tax."	3
11244	The courtesy and politeness of the staff is excellent    	4
11245	Long waits. I guess is not a drive thru anymore. Faster service if you walk inside	1
11246	"Seriously, this McDonald's is the WORST I've ever seen! Advertise themselves as being 24/7, but are always closed when I go at night. The staff is rude, and I'm always waiting for what seems like forever (usually 20+ minutes). The worst part about this place is that they consistently screw up EVERY order. Hell, half my order will be missing (like it was just now), and they'll flat out REFUSE to fix it."	1
11247	Food is poor...service is bad...long wait for food	1
11248	"Unbelievable that everyone else has the same complaint as me...they never get the order right.

Tonight, I realized that they forgot an item after coming home with food for the family. I first tried to call just to get reimbursed...but no one answered the phone.

Then I decided to drive back for a refund while the rest of my food went cold on my dining room table. When I got to the drive thru, I politely asked for a refund for the item they forgot.

Having worked in the food industry myself in the past, the service was awful. For the sheer inconvenience, they should have refunded me and at least offered the missing item to me free of charge. However, all that was given was a refund...not even an apology to go along with it.

Terrible service along with the terrible cold food that I then had to go eat at home (thanks to my having to drive back for a refund).

Mistakes can happen but not as often as they happen here. Do yourselves a favor and avoid this location!!!"	1
11249	Twice I ordered iced coffee from this location. Both times the iced coffee tasted horrible. That                           s my last time going to that place. They really need to get t	1
11250	"Location a bit of an inconvenience, service could have been better. Cashier was slow, did not ring up my order  correctly, had on gloves and was touching his hat, money, pulled his phone out of his pocket several times and was handling food.... this is not sanitary! Not happy at the fact that we waited for 15 minutes for 3 large fries as we watched the drive thru serve 8 other orders before ours, and we were the only customers inside at the time.... Having worked for mcdonalds in the past, I know for a FACT it takes just a little over 2 minutes to fry a full basket of fries (which leads 3 large fries). And if they had 3 baskets down at once (which they did) then there should be no reason to have had us wait for so long. Will not return to this location!"	1
11251	"I've been here many times, usually after midnight as I work late. Recently, the majority of the times I've gone through the drive through they say that they're closed, but when I ask what their hours are they say ""oh we're just closed for an hour""- this has happened to me at 2am last night, 4am last week, etc.

My issue is with the restaurant claiming to be open 24h even though it definitely isn't."	2
11252	"This is the most disorganized Mc Donalds I have been to in my life. They are the slowest, most unprofessional and disrespectful one that I have ever seen. I live at the corner, so I did not have a single experience. It was multiple ones, and it is always the same terrible service. Once I had to wait 30 minutes for a simple and 'should be quick' coffee. But the last time I went there was the worst. I stayed around 20 minutes in the counter and nobody was capable to ask me if was in need of something. I was picking an order up, which took me almost 1 hour (20 minutes until somebody talked to me + 30 minutes waiting for the food). They are just always so messy that from now on every time I want to eat a burger, I consider first going to Wendy's or Jack in the Box, or another Mc Donalds store... not this one anymore"	1
11253	We are visiting from out of state and have eaten here several times. Highly recommend ordering at the kiosk as it takes a while for a cashier to take your order.	4
11254	"Lobby closed early and would not take our order in the drive through even though we were paying customers, clearly displaying their classism as we did not have a car. Encouraged two inebriated individuals in front of us to come back with in car (recommended getting a DUI)."	1
11255	Slowest fast food ever	1
11256	"Had to buy a coffee to ask for the bathroom only to be told ""it's closed. We're only open for take out"" even though I walked into the restaurant. No amount of pleading would make the cashier budge on what to me was urgent. The standard answer of the age for any garbage policy today is ""Covid""."	1
11257	"I've never had so many orders be wrong in my life. I just tested 5 different orders over 5 days, all didn't times if day, yes I get board easily, and not a single one was right. Not little stuff like napkins, but like burgers, fries, and drinks missing. Yesterday it was a mc flurry. Before asking for it directly, I even asked (knowing they forgot it) ""am I missing anything"" and got a ""nope, you're good, have a nice day"" well, at least it was with a smile..."	1
11258	They lie saying they are closed to not prepare your order	1
11259	"One of the better McDonald's locations! Clean; with friendly helpful staff; and even got all my orders all correct. Drive through can be a little slow, but its a smaller location and the staff actually does a good job making the orders!"	5
11260	"The drivethru line at this location is, had been, and will always be broken. Dont ask me why, because i do not know. Maybe it is because the 3rd window is rarely used. Idk, but go inside if you have a small order as its faster to go to a register. Check your order when they are super busy as they give you a diet, or another order on occasion. Otherwise my favorite place to get a large coke, for $1$."	4
11261	"Good place, and good location. But staff needs training. Some workers are very very slow, and you can tell that they are not familiar with the menu and point of sale machines. It took them 15 minutes to make my caramel macchiato. Hopefully it will improve over time."	2
11262	Love the sausage egg and cheese McGriddle    	4
11263	This McDonald's was and normally is always very fast and my orders always correct. The only thing is the past few times I've been my chicken sandwich was not good at all and the French fries were not fresh but then pumpkin and holiday pies were the best!!! The staff is always nice tho. You can't dine in or done on their patio. You can't use their restrooms either. They do wear face masks and require you to wear one when going inside the establishment. They're 24hours in their drive thru.. not exactly sure about going inside to                             because the last time I went inside to order I was there around 9pm and they were still open for togo orders. Breakfast hours are Monday thru Sunday ting at 4am. Monday t	4
11264	"Generally you know what you're getting when you go to a McDonald's drive thru, but not at this location! Burgers were messy and not stacked properly, fries were almost inedible - soggy and barely room temp. Hard pass, go somewhere else."	1
11265	"This place is a total wreck most of the time. This is an extremely busy location and I've been going here for years as a customer and also as a delivery driver and it's astonishing that pandemic or not, they still have the same issues. They are never prepared to maintain the volume of business. You often have to repeat yourself multiple times when communicating with the staff. If you go at night (particularly late-night) there's likely to be a long line in drive-thru or inside. They regularly claim their ""system is down"" and so are unable to accommodate you. It's completely upsurd. I don't understand how any establishment can think that this mode of operation is acceptable. Other than that, typical McDonald's."	2
11266	"Been to this location 5 times now and have NEVER had a good experience. The first two times I waited 30 minutes with only a couple of cars in front of me the first time and NONE in front of me the 2nd. The first time was so bad that the whole line of cars were honking and going over the curbs to get out of line. These people take FOREVER and are rude as hell. Not sure if they need new management or a whole new workforce but this place is AWFUL.

Let                       "	1
11267	"I visit this Restaurant quite often, and the staff is pretty nice and they always give me an excellent service, but I can                           t say the same about the manager (Valentina) she is very rude with the staff , pretty disrespectful when she talks to them and she don                           t care to do that in front of the customers, and she was not nice with me and with the other two customers who were there.  She rolled her eyes while she was taking th"	3
11268	Customer service is horrible. Food is disgusting and I love McDonald's but this one ain't it.	2
11269	"First off, no wait...
Secondly, Fabiola was super nice.....
Finally......The McRibken!!!!

#doit"	5
11270	I                           ve lived next to this McDonald                           s for over 10 years and never go in because of the overwhelming number of vagrants in and around the building.  I have two kids now and they of course like McDonald                           s.  They recently renovated it so I was optimistic and took them in there for breakfast.  Right away there was a bum outside the door yelling to himself and when we walked in there was another one lying on the ground next to the tables.  I went back a month later for happy meals and the kids wanted to eat there.  All the tables and floors were dirty and they still had bums outside and in.  While we were waiting for the food a homeless guy wanted to use the bathroom but there was a lock on it. When he asked a worker they said it was for customers only and the homeless guy ted  only a block from my house.	1
11271	"I have traveled all across the world..I have eaten at McDonald's in the UK, Japan, Mexico and across America. The McDonald's at 1121 Garnet Ave in Pacific Beach has to be the very worst Mcdonald's ever! This reflects on the managers and poorly trained staff. The staff is very rude and incompetent. I now travel to the other Mcdonald's on 4711 Mission Bay Dr. The staff are polite, well trained and food is always hot fresh and up to Mcdonald's standard quality."	1
11272	"I waited in line for an extremely long time. There is no way to exit the drive thru while in line especially if there is an emergency. Customer service was terrible- no greeting when I pulled to the speaker box and when I paid (with quarters- it's annoying I know, but it's still money and not pennies) the cashier grumbled about it."	3
11273	Fresh fries and nuggets. Better than the one in Pacific beach. Shame no dine in. Only take out. Bathroom is closed to public.	4
11274	"Ordered online and waited 5 mins to pick up the food. Waited around 10 more mins once I got there and had to politely deal with the wasted day drinkers that I was trying to avoid by ordering online. Food was what you'd expect from McDonald's. All in all 3 was definitely rounding up. On a positive note, I would say that the inside was much nicer than what I remember them looking like when I was a youngster. Big props for the solar panels in the parking lot."	3
11275	"I                           m a healthcare worker. I went through the drive-through today to get my thank you meal. The person at the first window looked at my ID and said is that really you? I just think that                           s rude for her to say that in her tone of voice is though I had someone else                           s ID.
The second window was another shocker. The manager was working the the food serv"	4
11276	I mean it's McDonald's right? You know what to expect from the food which is both a plus and a minus. However at this particular McDonald's right on Garnet in Pacific Beach they are undergoing Construction. It seems like a complete redo the outside and some of the guest areas as well. It's a mess and noisy but does not look like any RI modeling of the kitchen area is being done. That makes me wonder why this has become the worst drive-through around even before the construction. Two cars in front of me still waited almost 10 minutes. Isn't that a lot from McDonald's? Or foremost drive-thrus these days it seems to be way too much time. Now I'm not just saying this because of today's visit this is been the case at this McDonald's now for the past couple of months. Maybe it's short-handed help but that would only be an excuse for once in awhile. Anyway not a great experience but probably should be eating elsewhere anyway.	2
11277	Physically waited in line for a hour while the drive thru and uber eats received seniority. Most had already walked away after placing an order with random folks taking what they can get unchecked as the attendants stopped caring after the first 10 minutes. Please close this location as it is no longer viable	1
11278	I went for an ice cream cone and it's always sketchy. A lot of times they don't have ice cream. This time they were cleaning the machine in the middle of the day. That's just stupid. No ice cream cones or milkshakes or any other ice cream products McDonald's is known for this though. Not just this one. I don't eat their food because most of it sucks.	2
11279	Horrible absolutely Horrible! Never will I eat at this mcdonalds! I live in North County and I never had horrible service like I did today. Very slow staff... Angry managers! Very understaffed. They messed up a lot of orders back to back. There was a lot of people waiting for their order. They messed up my order twice and it took them forever to replace my order. There is homeless people here panhandling. Management is absolutely awful! They would never let a place like this run in North County... I expected more from this place. Worst experience ever. The staff had horrible attitudes. 10 min later I got diahrrea.... idk what they put in my food but definitely not coming back.	1
11280	"Worst McDonald                           s I have ever been too. The service is long AF, 10 minutes to have our order taken and it was a nightmare because the cashier didn                           t understand anything. 20 minutes later we got our food thrown in "	1
11281	"The food was as expected and the building new. However I gave 5 for the employee that I saw buy a older homeless women coffee with his own money. He brought the lady the coffee and explained ""you cant just hang out in here, but you can drink ur coffee as long as youd like"". This event made my 9$ dinner priceless"	5
11282	I wanted to use the app to redeem a free kids meal with a kids meal purchase. I asked if they take coupons from the app and the woman said no. Then I asked why not and she said she didn't know. I should have asked for a manager but I didn't. When I went to pick up my order I did ask the manager and he said they do take the coupons from the app. I told him the cashier said they didn't so I was not able to use my coupon. The manager looked at her like he was annoyed and told her she should have asked if she didn't know. Then they talked in spanish and ted laughing with each other.	1
11283	"Didn't take very long to get food, but the person taking my order didn't speak a single word of English so she had to ask for help for everything I said. She was being trained at the same time but couldn't even talk to me. I understand Spanish is needed sometimes especially in Southern California, but when it's busy and you're the only one working the register and the main language is English, what are you going to do. What's really going to happen is you're going to restrict what your customers are able to order. I order the same thing every time I decide to come to McDonalds so I have no complaints about the food, but this time it compelled me to write a review. Was an uncomfortable situation today."	2
11284	I just had a hot fudge sundae and a soda. It was a very hot day and it hit the spot. There was air conditioning inside!	5
11285	"As always the service is slow,  its a busy spot, i get it. Today the # s were way past mine, now i have to stand in line, because i was told just a minute several times to find out about my order....now i just want my money back not hungry anymore. The Sup. Did fix the problem though i dont know what was said. ( i still only speak our official language) 36 minutes later out the door with an "" i appolagize""

update: Avoid this place! Didn't think it possible it could get slower, dirtier or more Dangerous. WOW.
My Bad.         "	2
11286	"Almost didn't even get to order half our or cuz they told us to pull up to the second window before my bf got to order what he wanted. We asked for sweet & sour, only got BBQ & Ranch. We didn't get straws. And the fries we got we're stale. When we tried to call back to try & get a refund it went to a fax machine. Wasn't even busy at the time."	1
11287	"Even though they renovated this place a few months ago, the homeless still call this place home. I cant ever sit inside without hearing screaming or seeing someone passed out on the floor outside. And the last few times i had to inquire about my order because they forgot about it. If anything, go through drive thru"	2
11288	It's clean. But you have to get a token to use the bathroom :p	3
11289	"Staff were arguing amongst themselves whether who does what. Managers were indifferent to employees and with customers. Ordered two Happy Meals and a McFlurry and about 6 customers after I ordered, received their orders before me. We waited around 20 minutes or more. The McFlurry was supposed to be the Stroopwafel and there was hardly any in it, it was 99% vanilla ice cream."	2
11290	Very clean place & polite employees BUT they did not get our order right. It was morning approx 8:00 am. Not many people in the restaurant at the time we ordered. We asked for ed gi white elites with real bacon. Our orders were regular egg mcmuffins with Canadian bacon.	3
11291	"This location is horrible. I ordered at the kiosk and I got a locator for my table, that clearly stated that I can, ""sit down and relax"" and the food will be taken to me. That did not happen. They were yelling my number over and over and even made eye contact with me and clearly saw the locator on my table and still didn't bring me my food. When I asked why I was given a locator for my table, the manager simply responded, ""We don't do that here."" Workers were not polite at all. The women's bathroom had no toilet paper. I had to wipe with a toilet seat cover!"	1
11292	"This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. We have stopped a few times and the greeting I get is always, ""what do you want"" I say hello, thankyou, and have a good day at the window and they basically throw my food at me. Sadly, the only nice person, has told me, "" sorry for the wait, we don't have enough workers."""	1
11293	"Gross.  Trash overflowing.  Really bad. McDonald's Corp should refund my money.  Pay bathrooms were a nice touch.  Obviously, there is a problem with the homeless.  Here is a solution...HIRE the homeless... This McDonald's needs all the help it can get!"	1
11294	"This place is absolutely Epic! I know this probably isn't the first time I've praised wonderful good old-fashioned McDonald's, but they never stop putting smiles on my face! Today I was overly stressed cuz I have too much going on and I forgot to mention that I wanted my cheeseburgers plain of course I remember seconds after they had me my completed order ... without any hesitation they take those two covered in sauce throw them in the trash and make me to fresh ones the way I like it! Wham bam thank you ma'am I'll see you soon!"	5
11295	"It is a very clean and recently revamped McDonald's but beware taking your kids here, as outside is, well a cockroach infested wonderland full of PB's finest citizens. That's all this Review gets. Use the drive through you wouldn't want to catch Hep.-C on your way to wash your hands!!!"	2
11296	Not a safe McDonald's to enjoy your meals! The interior of the restaurant is a hang out for the homeless.  They use restrooms to use drugs and they're rude to customers.  The staff are told daily about this problem and nothing is done. The staff are helpful and friendly and make deliscous food items.	3
11297	Very efficient drive through staff. Great fries as well. The inside however is very Spartan and not clean. You also have to pay to use the bathroom! See my photo. What the what....	4
11298	"Workers very nice but when we ordered at window, as we drove off it was changed from Big Macs to quarter pounders.  I said something when I paid and he corrected it.... got to window and he handed me the bag, they were quarter pounders.  Just took a long time and everything was wrong."	2
11299	Hands down the worst McDonald                           s I                           ve ever been to. The staff	1
11300	"I've been going to this McDonalds since 1995 when I was a kid.  The service here is horrible    I ordered a hot tea at the drive thru and the kid at the window was extremely rude.   He opened the window and said ""its $1.83.""  When I asked for an extra cup and some honey he rolled his eyes as if I was asking for way to much.
I know its McDonalds and you cant expect exceptional service but dont make it so obvious that you're being rude on purpose."	1
11301	This place is awesome it lets us Uber drivers use the restroom and we can take a break inside any time. Got some cheeseburgers earlier today and a large diet Coke everything for under 4 bucks. The manager there just needs to smile a little more!	5
11302	Service was subpar today. Food was bland and warm at best. Cashiers treated us like we were an inconvenience. Reminds us why we don't go to this location even though it's easier to drive to	3
11303	"Slowest McDonald                           s I have ever been to. On a Friday morning just around 12:30 am, there was 5 cars in front of me. It took them over  30 minutes to get to me. This is unbelievable, I h"	1
11304	How is it possible for a McDonalds to be this bad!!  I have lived in PB for almost 20 years and this location has NEVER gotten an order right. Truly unbelievable	1
11305	Donald's app is the app that keeps on giving and their mobile ordering is awesome I just barely had any money left for food the other day pull up into one of their new mobile ordering parking spots turn on the location in the phone to see what deals they going to throw at me couple bucks left on my card all of a sudden buy anything on the menu get a free sandwich mobile order only I bought myself a small shake for $2 I got one of those Artisan Chef burgers for 6 bucks my total $2.16 I was able to have a meal with what I had and that burger was delicious I didn't even have to get out of my truck I wasn't feeling so well and they brought it out to that parking spot promptly and it was hot and fresh awesome I'm loving it	5
11306	"Manager on duty Ignacio extremely hostile and rude. I am an Uber driver and I have visited this location two weekends in a row. It is a very busy location on Saturday evenings. On my first visit I went to the drive-thru and ordered $10 worth of food and then parked and ran inside to ask to use the restroom he told me I had to pay a quarter. I then explain to him that I just had come through the drive-thru and I was a customer he said oh well.. you have to pay a quarter. On my second visit one week later I walked in ordered a coffee and politely asked him for a token for the restroom, Ignacio appeared to become upset by my request so much so, that he actually tossed it at me hard enough for it to bounce off the counter and land on the floor. He did not apologize...he just walked off.I feel he should be reprimanded for his blatant disrespect and rude Behavior towards paying customers. If this location is too much for him to handle maybe he should transfer somewhere else. I will never return to this McDonald's again as long as the manager Ignacio is in charge."	1
11307	Quarter Pounder was actually missing the meat patty. French fries tasted like they were cooked last week. Still took 15 minutes in the drive through with only one other car.	1
11308	"Drive thru is usually pretty fast. Always love the sausage muffins without egg. Getting there can be a pain. Has to be from West Mission Dr heading North, or Balboa heading West or East to West Mission Bay Dr turn North. But doesn                           "	4
11309	Currently there is no reason to mantein the restroom closed. These guys are taking advantage of the initial restrictions when the COVID-19 pandemic ted to avoid making the bathroom easier for costumers. Other McDonald's in San Diego have already opened their bathrooms to the public and like most restaurants in SD.	2
11310	"Chips were not hot and staff seemed too busy to talk when I tried to get condiments. There was a few customers but the bag was basically thrown at you and then you were never looked at again.

Edit: I've since been back and my friend had to wait 10minutes for a Coke. They then tried to claim they'd called it (when they had clearly forgotten about it as it was sitting on the drinks machine with no lid). Not sure what the management of the place is like but they'd want to change something. Staff are awful and rude."	1
11311	I have been here several times after 1am - 3am and there are no employees anywhere. Doors and drive thru shutdown. 24 hours on some days but not every day. Take your chance.Roll the dice. It is good exercise walking there and back.	3
11312	stuck in the drive thru over 25 minutes (cars in front and behind us) and they had no drinks available. put a huge damper on the vacation. employees were clearly irritated and rude. by far the worst McDonald's experience ever.	1
11313	"Absolutely garbage, was rushed while placing the order then the girl at the window was talking with someone for 10 minutes who cut in line at the drive through and they didn                           t even order anything!!! without a mask on whi"	1
11314	"McDonald's generally sucks out loud. This one is even worse. I don't think the drive thru has ever gotten an order correct. They're constantly running out of staple items i.e. they don't have fries at the ready or the shake machine is busted. If that's not bad enough, it's a hang out for the local homeless. And not decent homeless...the methed out violent type."	1
11315	"They messed up our order on two different occasions in the drive thru. I do appreciate the enthusiasm they have, I also just want my order right."	2
11316	"Food was good. Service staff was clueless. Watched 3 orders get served ahead of me, all 3 were wrong in some way. All 3 had to ask for drink. Many minutes of clueless ing at order screens trying to figure it out. They gave me an extra sandwich i didn't order."	3
11317	"Disgusting there was a customer who walked up to the counter and said his big mac was cold. The manager traded the burger with another and put the one the customer brought BACK in the hot warmer to resell. An employee asked her if she should throw it away the manager told her no, it's ok. GROSS"	1
11318	"Very nice stablishment. Just got remodeled and it also has a big parking lot. It has restrooms accesible with a quarter or a coin obtained from the cashier. They always habe everything that is served on the menu (except ice cream). The service is very good and most of the people in there speak Spanish, so it is a plus for those who don't speak English."	5
11319	"You need a coin to access the restroom, if you come late at night on the weekend, you take your chances running into drunk frat boys or girls, tourists who don't know how to wait their turn and homeless folks.
The entire crew was Spanish speaking, not a problem for me but apparently the frat boys were having none of it, they were rude and ignorant."	3
11320	The staff charged for the wrong meal and never offered to reimburse the difference.  One of my kids asked for yogurt she gave apple.  One of the drinks was supposed to be lemonade she gave sprite.  The bun was hard and stale tasting on my sandwich.  My entire food was cold.	1
11321	"Gabby one of the supervisors, she is very very rude she was working  the early morning shift she is ride over the speaker and ruder in person. She doesn't be quite and let you talk and just keeps going and going not a people person I've told everyone i know not to go to McDonalds on Garnet in pacific beach cuz this lady is nasty."	3
11322	It took placing my order three times before the staff understood what I wanted.  The food still came out wrong.  The tea was sour and the staff couldn't understand what that means.	3
11323	"The  food is turning out to be really low quality. It tastes different & doesn't even chew the same! I don't know what's going on with mc-d's. The one time I don't want ice cream~guess what~ the machine                   works... i used to love them until the huge down grade on service from many of the uncaring employees to never having ice cream... *of coarse there are many caring employees too, yes!* Btw the breakfast burritos are so dry and very hard t"	3
11324	"I ordered to go nothing was right in my order
Cold fries cold food no sauce with the nuggets!!!!!"	1
11325	Worst McDonald                           s I have ever been to. Always something wrong with our order and it takes twice as long as any McDonald         	1
11326	"Food slow and inaccurate often. A lot of homeless/riff-raff hanging out front. Inside and Outside seating. Low food quality. Okay for a late night snack, but not good for Monday morning rush hour."	1
11327	Scarry ace to be too many homeless hanging outside didn't feel safe	1
11328	"You might get food, you might not. You might wait 20 min, you might wait 45 min. Worst managed McDonald's of all time       "	1
11329	"lol I stand there for like 30s and that fat cashier definitely saw me there, but she didn                           t even bother to look at me and focusing on"	1
11330	"Terrible quality food, my smoothie tasted like pure coconut oil, the iced coffee was poorly made, and they constantly forgot the condiments. At least the hash browns were good."	1
11331	"Being this particular McDonald's is close to the beach, one should come                            to expect that service would be more efficient. Not this one. Ray Kroc would be rolling in his grave if he saw this.The cheese on my  sausage McMuffin seems plastic also wait, Luke warm coffee, & attitude to go with it! There seems to be lots of friction between them and some some of the clients that come in there namely the homeless . Not all but some of the staff  was extremely rude to them refusing them service and treating them subhuman. Shame on the manager, .I have been raised on Mc D"	2
11332	Food was hot and good but they don't know the difference in honey vs honey mud. The employee said he would be right back with the            	3
11333	"There is absolutely nothing happy, healthy or family-friendly about chicken abuse. Until McDonald                           s commits to stronger welfare standards fo"	1
11334	"Well, I                           ve been here a lot of times but this is the last time. The service is bad, the wait time is not even close to be                   fast food                   standards ("	1
11335	"This Micky Ds was the best ive been to since 1985. Seriously. Clean, friendly, no snotty workers. I ACTUALY got napkins IN my bag between my meals. I dont rate Mcdonalds ever because its simply a fast food place but these guys were an old standard brought to 2018. Thx :)"	5
11336	"Worst service ever at a McDonald's.
People waiting to order and the manager and crew wouldn't even look at us or tell us to wait. After ordering I had to ask for my food, they just left it there on top of the fryer."	2
11337	5 because the girl at drive thru is ridiculously cute ( ;   Hmu @home_grownz	5
11338	Getting better with service!  Nice people.	4
11339	"Like others have said, l get home with my order and someone doesn't get to eat because they shorted my order. Quality control doesn't exist at this place."	1
11340	Its basically a 24 hour homeless shelter that serves food & takes food stamp ebt card. Usually several parking spots are congregations of homeless and their gear. Its always like this as McDonald's allows it. Not the safest place. If you must use the drive thru only.	1
11341	VERY Rude gentleman that works at McDonald's.  Shorted me of my food 2 times in a row. Very bad attitude!!!	1
11342	"While using kiosk, it made many selections for me I did not choose. Had to delete many things from order, got frustrated and just put it in. It was too busy at the counter for the personnel to answer my question, she informed me there were customers in front of me. Being hungry and tired, this was more frustrating than it should have been"	2
11343	They accept EBT in the drive thru which is great! Although they got my order wrong and the drink wrong but quickly fixed it with no fuss. It's about what you expect from any ol Mickey D's	3
11344	Very slow service beside expected business during the late night. I would not recommend if you would like to get your food quickly during late night weekends. It is as if they do not prepare for the late night rush.	2
11345	Back in the day Mickey D's commanded the overall burger experience. But these days their menu is bland. Number 3 on my list.	3
11346	"The staff has to constantly deal with the homeless community that is always loitering around this place. The McDonald's restaurant is clean and the food is up to par, but the environment could be better."	4
11347	"Definitely the worst McDonald's I have been to in over a decade. Not just slow, but yelling at customers, arguing with everyone, people waiting everywhere, sounding like utensils dropping in the kitchen, etc."	1
11348	"Four s only because it's open 24 hours (not just the drive thru) and is one of the few late night bathroom options for Lyft and Uber drivers.  Popular with the homeless crowd for the same reason though and it's still a McDonald's, eat at your own risk."	4
11349	Not open 24 hours -_- they said they close from 2 am - 6 am even the drive-thru but they will serve people ordering on food delivery apps? Didn't make much sense to me when they are supposed to be open 24 hours and still make food for delivery orders	1
11350	Newly remodeled outside of store. Looks great. Fast drive through. Sometimes there are too many homeless hanging around in or outside the parking lot.	4
11351	"Poor hygiene, no hand sanitizer, no toilet paper, dirty tables. The kiosk didn    "	1
11352	Every Time I                           m here it                           s takes about 15 minutes to get through the drive thru. It do	1
11353	The Wor st Mc Donalds I have ever visited! They hate Americans and make jokes about customers in mexican (not Spanish) to each other behind the counter ... Dont eat here. There are many great Mc Donald's close by who treat you with respect. bucks coffee is close by and a better value too.	1
11354	The burger was nice	5
11355	This place need to get more intelligent people as this staff treating the customers as objects or robots. They are blinded in a way you can            	1
11356	"Repeated my order 3 times, at the drive thru speaker, then again when I paid. They still got it wrong and sent me to the waiting area. How hard is it to get a #1 without onions and pickles?"	1
11357	A fairly typical McDs.  Have all the favorites but unfortunately the place is usually not to clean.  There's a bit of a dirty crowd that hangs out there.  I'll let you figure that one out for yourself but I wouldn't bring my family there...	3
11358	Ordered mcchicken got 2 McDonald's. Lady couldn't speak English or understand what I wanted. Couldn't read my order back. Sweet tea was    	1
11359	Unfortunately I can                           t put zero s but if I c	1
11360	"It's a McDonald's, quick cheep place to eat."	5
11361	It's Mc Donald's what do you expect? But it took three times to get a half cut tea. And someone I was with once got a Happy meal there and they forgot to put the hamburger in. So....	2
11362	I just have one problem if it                           s 24hr for drive thru only could you please put hours your open in dining so I can get my food too cause I don                  	5
11363	"My posts are going to t showing a lot of a "" one man protest"" for a while. I will continue these actions until I receive an apology from this story or until I get some backing..
This McDonald's restaurant continues to mistreat the poor and destitute.
1) requiring some to take their food to go
2) some they charge for a restroom token even after they paid for food and or drink
3) 30 minute time limit for the ones they choose to alow to eat in ONLY ENFORCED FOR THE POOR.
4) will not ask ""for here or to go"""	1
11364	Allways I had good experiences it is my favorite place to be all the time great people many cultures good food they cook very well and clean	5
11365	"Much better now that they remodeled it. It used to have that feeling of homeless feeder, but not anymore. It                "	5
11366	Good food good attitudes of the employees only downside is the main lobby floor was very sticky almost to the point of me walking out of my sandles.	4
11367	Inflation is really hitting americans.	4
11368	It was smooth. Fries were fresh. Shake was on point. This location is a good one. Location by my house is trash.  Lol	4
11369	"Horrible! They ignored us completely .. Just standing there for like 15 minutes and even asked the lady if they where open , she only turned and nodded. Bad bad service.rude! No people skills at all."	1
11370	Placed all three meals on Doordash and they messed up my meal and they won                           t refund my money nor my meal. They gave my dad and mine meal and 	1
11371	The worse mcdonalds in America and absolutely heart breaking the way they treat homeless people. All Hispanic crew so you would think being immigrants fighting Trump they would be more sympathetic	1
11372	"The Pacific Beach McDonald's is okay if you don't mind extremely packed places..... mostly young drunks/clubgoers, but otherwise an okay McDonald's. Expect long waits just because of the sheer amount of customers. Then again, almost anything beats the doldrums of the UCSD McDonald's.        "	3
11373	It's Mcdonalds so you know what you gonna get for the most part.  The food here is a little below usual Mcdonalds.  You never get super fresh food.  The staff is typically disorganized and thee is usually people outside bumming money	2
11374	If I could give it zero s I would waited an hour for my meal in the drive-through	1
11375	Waiting time is way to long!!! Had to wait for about 30 minutes for my food. Thats not what i expect from this fast food chain!!	2
11376	The fries were cold and hard the only bright spot was the drink	2
11377	"I know McDonalds is not a gourmet sandwich
But I got a crispy chicken that was chicken and bread. Nothing else. A chicken in a dry bun       "	1
11378	"It's not open 24 hours anymore.. Closes about 2pm and reopens at 5am.. Place has gotten better since remodel but still has some issues like it always seems short staffed, worthless bums still using drugs in the restroom and vagrants loitering outside.."	2
11379	"Please be sure to check your order before leaving!!! Took them 3 times to get the order fixed, and I had only ordered 3 regular meals        "	1
11380	"Great for a late night snack. However, there needs to be more workers at night as it seems there are long wait times for food during the late night hours."	4
11381	"This place sucks, horrible customer service and restaurant not available all the time!!"	1
11382	Bad customer  service	1
11383	They had only one person workig the counter last night about 7:30. She wouldn't take a order until the one she was working on was filled.  It took for ever.	1
11384	Nothing fancy... it was my first time in that area when i stopped there to get some coffee. Their bathroom has a coin operated lock which gave me an impression that it's a bad neighborhood.	3
11385	Pretty outdated as far as McDonald's are concerned and often has a not so family friendly types of customers inside. Food however is consistent with all other locations	3
11386	Decent enough McDonalds.  There can be a rough crowd at times.  But that's PB for you.  Not the cleanest either.  But they have some special challenges in this area.	3
11387	Nice clean McDonald's with a friendly staff and great location! Check out the McDonald's app for their free holiday items with $1 purchase!	5
11388	"Like a time capsule. Older respectable adults running the place and food packed in such a way perfect with napkins, it was like 1982 all over again. Thx guys wow. (I just gave 5 to Mc-Ds lol smh)"	5
11389	This place is horrible do not ever ever eat at this location. It took 20 minutes for 2 ice coffee's and the managers never even acknowlege that we were waiting.	1
11390	This location wasn't even packed when I pulled into the drive thru. They forgot my fries and didn't put in barbeque sauce . The food wasn't even warm after it was handed to me.	2
11391	The people that work here are very rude. I am super polite to them and they are still rude	2
11392	Torally F****d up and very horrible place. ordered something and got something else horrible. very bad service and the cleanliness is worst. The worst McDonalds I've visited till date.	1
11393	"It was in the middle of being renovated, but the and food was worse than usual. I would recommend staying away until renovations are done, and then give them a chance."	2
11394	THERE IS A MANAGER THERE CALLED GABRIEL WHO HERASES THE CUSTOMERS TO NO END. I FINALLY SAID SOMETHING. THE NEXT TIME I WENT THROUGH THE DRIVE THOUGH SHE LOOKED AT ME. HER CHEEKS WERE RED WITH A SMERK ON HER FACE. WHEN I REACHED MY DESTINATION. I FOUND GABRIEL TOOK A BITE OUT OF MY TRIPLE CHEESE BURGER. I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT. WHAT A LOW LIFE. I'M DONE WITH MCDONALD'S. THAT WAS THE LAST STRAW. THERE ARE SO MANY BETTER PLACES TO BUY A HAMBURGER. IN PACIFIC BEACH ON GARNET.	1
11395	Probably one of the slowest mc donalds in US	1
11396	Staff attitude is poor. They won't let my son to use their bathroom although we made a purchase there.	1
11397	"This may possibly be the worst McDonald's in San Diego. They are slow as all hell, mess up orders on the regular and are generally just hard to deal with. Avoid this one AT ALL COSTS"	1
11398	I asked for fresh fries and nuggets. They were not fresh and I did not receive any sauce. This place is terrible.	1
11399	Place seems dangerous.  Dining room closed.  Lady at counter was very nice though and the food was well prepared!	3
11400	"This McDonald's is really great, they are always friendly and helpful, never have had a problem, and people comments on the homeless here but it has never been a problem and they usually stay outside, but homeless is a problem everywhere and they are human just like everyone who's putting them down"	5
11401	"I wouldn't let my kid near the place, I'm not even comfortable going there an I'm 6'2 guy --they need to leave there sprinklers on AND close the patio after dark, to clear out the beggers"	1
11402	Worst McDonald's experience I've ever had.  They were so slow I wanted to bolt out the drive thru	1
11403	"Staff were helpful, outdoor seating is closed st this time. No eating on site or restrooms."	5
11404	My experience of is this specific McDonalds according to Customer Service and Cleanliness of the restaurant tends to be on the lower tier of fast food restaurants around San Diego..	2
11405	Every time I go into this mcdonalds my fries are cold and going through the drive thru they get my order wrong.  I will not visit this one ever again.	1
11406	"The staff has always be friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the stores products.  85-90% of the time the service is quick."	4
11407	Not the best McDonalds but it's around the corner from my place.  Drive-thru speaker often has trouble with the order but everything usually comes out alright.	4
11408	"Awesome staff, fast food. Lots of homeless people around but they keep it classy"	5
11409	"Service is slow, full of homeless people, its been 15 min for my food and im the only car is this specific mcdonalds thats like that"	1
11410	They are always late. Serve cold food. The afternoon shift people are the worst. Unprofessional and rude.	1
11411	Always is very good option  for a quick bite	5
11412	I ordered & paid  for a deluxe chicken sandwich                           	1
11413	I hope these people are high because if they're not they are awfully useless. I've lived here for one year and the service does not get any better	1
11414	They got my order wrong three times. They over charged me. When I told them that they messed up they proceeded to say rude comments to each other in spanish.	1
11415	Give it no s I would these people cannot even get a cup of coffee right unbelievable and unacceptable I would never go there I would never eat there this place is the bottom of the barrel	1
11416	I'm a nugget fan I really like McDonald's nuggets and fries and and a large strawberry shake om OMG	5
11417	"The staff barely speaks English, they never get your order right. Most of the time they're just downright rude. I wouldn't recommend this Macdonalds to anybody."	1
11418	"One of my favorite McDonald's, no complaint so far an they have a good Ice Coffee!!"	5
11419	"Homeless were drunk wandering around the car's touching ours and inspecting it, people were sat outside shouting at the public abusing the area's spitting all over the place, the insides of the restaurant if it can even be called that were extremely dirty tables weren't clean flies were everywhere inside the building the orders were incorrect in multiple places, and the general experience was awful, DO NOT VISIT THIS MACDONALDS."	1
11420	"I've been in drive through line for 45 minutes. Line is not that long,  but very, very, very slow!"	1
11421	"Food is has not been hot, only luke warm. Follow me on IG 77 Points Review."	2
11422	The new quarter pounder burgers are awesome! Really fresh and tasty. ... Try them out!	5
11423	"Food was well-prepared and the place was very clean, but they keep everything on lock down, and you need to ask for refills."	4
11424	"McDonalds food is still disgusting.. Cost of all items has went up and the food tastes even worse.. Imagine that.. This McDonald's is all around from service, quality of food to cleanliness of the restaurant is horrible.."	1
11425	The lady at the drivethu WAS ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!!!  I wish she could be cloned for all my future customer service/sales to my consumer endeavors .	5
11426	Employees were joking around talking bad about customers in spanish (customers were non spanish speakers) and orders were taking a long time to get served.	1
11427	"Nearlly always messes up some part of the order, and generally seem unhappy to work there."	3
11428	Great drive thru staff. The girls on night shift are the best	5
11429	Good standard here. I like that I can trust that the burgers and fries are good whenever I show up	5
11430	What can I say? One more nice place for fast lunch!	5
11431	"most of the staff is tired of waiting on the same  transient people that congregate in that areq...So, you may hear some impolite bantering  between the staff  and customers . But everyone is chill that I've come across -"	3
11432	Clean your bathrooms	4
11433	Lots of homeless people in the restaurant.  Made it uncomfortable.  The employees were awesome though and great service.	2
11434	"Every time I visit this location, they defer to the parking lot because they cant seem to get an order out in a reasonable amount of time. No matter how small the order is."	1
11435	THIS MCDONALDS  HAS A LOT OF DISCRIMINATION.  30 MINUTES TO EAT and TIME TO GET OUT. IF THEY ARE BUSY YOU GET 2 MINUTES to eat  AND SECURITY  ASK YOU TO LEAVE.. THAT'S DISCRIMINATION	1
11436	Long lines drive through & food was cold.	3
11437	"Waited half an hour to be served. Service is bad, guy who takes order didn't even listen to what customers said."	1
11438	"McDonald's:: MIRA MESA BLvD@
WESMORE. Rd. 3:45pm.
QUICK SERVICE-HOT FOOD                              "	5
11439	"The line was slow today, but the employees more than made up for it, they are great."	5
11440	"Overall experience is decent and the tables are messy and too many homeless stay around there
P.s the worker Clemente is cute   "	3
11441	"Great service, efficient, consistent good McDonald's here. Great job"	5
11442	"If you're looking for meth then sink your teeth into a soft mcChicken, this is the place. Honestly tho, you can find better meth further west."	1
11443	Awesome customer service and the only place that carries the strawberry creme pies. Lovely!!!	5
11444	Super busy due to the santa parade but the staff handled it well.  We watched the parade from the patio	5
11445	"It's still Mickey D's
Same food
Clean and quick service
I had to use a quarter to use the men's room"	3
11446	Quick and clean. If you go inside you can customize your order on their automated order machines!	5
11447	What happened to the Big Mac. Horrible patties were the size of a 50 cent piece.	3
11448	"As far as fast food goes this restaurant is nice, clean, and inviting. The staff is professional and friendly."	5
11449	I don't think they cooked my quarter pounder while I waited. I watched them pull the meat out of a warming oven. Not what they advertised.	3
11450	Bad service really bad they just dont care about their customers the guy didnt even ask what size drink we wanted	1
11451	It was alright ice cream machine down as usual	3
11452	Mcdonald's is always good but this one takes 30 minutes to get your order ready.	1
11453	You have to pay for water and the drive through took 15 minutes. At least the ice cream machine worked?	1
11454	Both the website and Google maps say 24 hours their lights were on people were inside but they were not serving I am a driver who was ving false advertisement	1
11455	"Staff is friendly but they almost always get something in the order wrong that has to be corrected, which they will do without issue."	4
11456	"Super slow. Been in the drive through for 20 minutes, not even that busy."	3
11457	"They have great coffee, but nuggets were below par"	3
11458	under staff. Took way too long to get our meals.	2
11459	"This place sux, the staff is slow, not very friendly, and on garnet to.
For being a convince store as food joint. If fu*""I ng blows."	1
11460	I have never been somewhere you have to pay to use the restroom                                      yes if you are a	1
11461	"Slowest fast food I ever purchased and the order was wrong......I timed it, was in line for over 17 minutes."	2
11462	Orders took forever uber eats pick up cant stand the bew rude staff.	2
11463	"AVOID. They will mock you (not in English), laugh amongst themselves, and rudely serve you."	1
11464	I could not set down and eat my kids meal because the tables were closed    	1
11465	"Coffee was excellent and hash brown perfectly crisp.
Great way to t the day   "	5
11466	"After order 15 minutes at midnight, no body show up at the payment window, I just left."	1
11467	The absolute slowest service and homeless everywhere inside. I would never return to this store or advise anyone to come here	1
11468	Slow customer service. He didn't know what he was doing. Never smiled. French fries had no salt on them.	1
11469	Just unhappy rude people working at night.	1
11470	I had to get my burger re made by the time it was re made my fries were cold and my party already finished their meal I probably won go back here horrible experience	1
11471	If you want to ruin your Saturday night try their drive tru	1
11472	"It's just the best. And the staff put up with the worst kind of people, bless their hearts."	5
11473	Great service which you don't always get from every McDonald's	5
11474	This is by far the worst McDonald's. They have no pride in their work and the food is always horrible.	1
11475	Great staff great deaLs if you use app they just added.2nd drive through	4
11476	"The slowest mcdonalds I've ever encountered, and the worst part was they got my order incorrect after having to wait that whole time..."	2
11477	Loving it....The app is great. Got some med fries and a drink.	5
11478	"worse,  dirty"	1
11479	When you're hungry you can't go wrong with a slider Donald's will always be your biggest bang for your buck	3
11480	This McDonald's location is always surrounded by homeless people. Food quality also is not great.	3
11481	Good service and friendly staff. Local pictures create a nice atmosphere	5
11482	Meh. It's cheap breakfast. 2 for 4 bucks. It's a better deal when you're in California.	3
11483	It's a McDonald's. Nothing wrong with it. Nothing Great either. Sometimes kinda busy both inside and out. Parking same. Eh.	3
11484	"There aren                           t any people working here
The place is so f"	1
11485	Waiting 10 min per person. Unacceptable and ridiculous.	1
11486	Long wait and they are charging for the fountain water	1
11487	"HORRIBLE! EVERY weekend they are half staffed, and the wait is st least 20 minutes!
BRING. IN. MORE. EMPLOYEES!"	1
11488	Best service at a McDonald              	5
11489	Always Fast & Convenient ! But need to hand the customer HOT APPLE PIES !	4
11490	"Dirtiest McDonald's I've been too...horrible magement!!! Homeless people in the bath room, and management doesn't care"	1
11491	"Depends on who's working, on whether you get good service or not."	3
11492	"Place was dirty, they served the wrong order. Food was cold and it took forever to order."	1
11493	Great food and they have security who good at his job	5
11494	Typical McDonalds but the people were nice last time i was here	5
11495	"Always good service overnight at this location, manager is on top of everything"	5
11496	"Bad service, the fries and hamburgers were just bad. Seem like it was old food."	1
11497	They always get my order wrong and it's really dirty in there and it takes forever to get your order	1
11498	"Great, loved the staff, true proud McDonalds employee's!!"	5
11499	They do not clean or stock the bathroom employees just sitting around eat here at your own risk	1
11500	Nicely remodeled. Doors still open after Midnight on a Saturday night...	3
11501	"Gross food and always has bums on the outside. Mostly clean, but they even have bums just sitting inside."	2
11502	"BUGS IN THE ICE CUBES??!!! GROSS! I didn't even bother to go back in after i left, i threw the drink out and threw up."	1
11503	McDonald's is gross. Shoddy craftsmanship	2
11504	Good place but drive thru is sometime busy	4
11505	The worst McDonald's which I ever met... After 20 minutes in the front line I could order any meal.	1
11506	Yes its ok to let a customer who spent 40$ on old cold food use the restroom	1
11507	Food was good but someone was doing drugs in the bathroom stall next to me.pretty sketchy	2
11508	Service was fast and the associates were very nice.	5
11509	Slow.process of any order ever not much staff also sllow moving as well.	3
11510	Ok need new items for parents that are there for there for their children.  I don't want chicken nuggets    	3
11511	The restaurant location is convenient but very pricey than other restaurants in the area.	3
11512	Out of all carbonated drinks. This is Joe Biden    	1
11513	Bad service... 30 minutes to get my order and it was incomplete	1
11514	"Drive thru was quick, food was hot and fresh."	4
11515	Took over 5 minutes before they acknowledged I was there...	1
11516	Ordered mcchicken biscuit. Got just a biscuit. Extremely annoying.	1
11517	For fast food it is good food! clean restaurant and nice people!	4
11518	they are nice and have cheeseburgers. 5	5
11519	Just got some drinks.  They were great. Thanks!	5
11520	Always fast and food always made fresh!	5
11521	Not because of the staff or food. Because it's understaffed. Too long a wait in lobby and drive thru.	2
11522	Service is extremely slow and I once witnessed a homeless man deficating on one of the tables	1
11523	"Very good service, lady at window was super nice."	5
11524	Love the bacon egg cheese mcgriddle coffee pretty strong	5
11525	They always get the order wrong in some way always....	2
11526	Was busy and service slow but opened late and food was standard	4
11527	"Has been good
But yesterday they sucked"	4
11528	"Now after renovation place looks much better, than before."	4
11529	30 minutes for a cheeseburger... sorry but I thought that I bought some Fast Food	1
11530	"Drive-In had some trouble with our order, but we finally got the right food"	3
11531	"Don't know how that Mcdonald is still open .. Microphone not working  Literally waited 20 min to get a cheeseburger, no joke."	1
11532	"A lot of homeless people that get dirty the place
You need pay for use restrooms even that homeless people gets them  dirty"	1
11533	Fish-O-Fillet just love it	5
11534	It was all bad. Manager and employee cussing and fussing on front of customers in Spanish. Very very poor customer	1
11535	People are usually drunk here and the service people really dont like their jobs.	2
11536	"McRon's is always consistent. If you like it, then you like it."	5
11537	They forgot to add sauces and ran out of napkins.  What restaurant runs out if napkins?	2
11538	Food was not fresh and way more expensive than I thought.	1
11539	"Very convenient spot,  expect to wait forever on a weekend night."	3
11540	The staff is very rude and they need more security there.	2
11541	Hookers in the bathroom and people doing crack in the men's room. Great spot for a hep-c	1
11542	0 s took 15 minutes to get a couple cheeseburgers and chicken tenders and they forgot our chicken nuggets	1
11543	Have been going to a McDonalds for decades. And all over the USA and Europe.  This is my local one.	4
11544	Curbside took for ever.. I had to get down and claim my food.	2
11545	Rude and disrespectfull with a child like demeanor.. not very friendly..	1
11546	Their restroom could be cleaner. I don't like stepping on piss	1
11547	Better not see how dirty staff.	1
11548	"Typical McDonald's. Pretty quick service, even when there is a line."	4
11549	"Good food and service when I was there.
Chingon"	5
11550	Waited at front for 5 minutes not greeted even though employee was there running around	1
11551	Big Mac head extra sauce on it it was extra juicy and delicious	5
11552	"It's a fat food joint. Or fast, you decide."	3
11553	"Everything you'd expect from a McDonald's. I only use the drive through, can't comment on the inside."	4
11554	Cold food and rude customer service never coming back	1
11555	Worst McDonald's on the planet. Understaffed and slow for a high traffic area.	1
11556	Service can be improved a little more	4
11557	"Slow service,got my order wrong..Not fast food"	1
11558	Drunk girls acting crazy on Saturday... but great service.	4
11559	You have to have coins for the bathroom.  Love that they have solar.	5
11560	"Filet of fish, French fries snd a Sprite fantastic mesl good service"	5
11561	"They give waste food to customer, don't ever visit this one ! Lazy employees !"	1
11562	A little tweeker hub right smack In utc	5
11563	Slowest McDonald's I have ever been to! With few other customers	1
11564	Every time I go through McDonald's my food is cold!	1
11565	"Filthy. Bathrooms are disgusting with toilets full, paper and water all over floor and stank."	1
11566	Parking lot was far too small. Food was ok	3
11567	t delibertly took too long and treatdd us poorly	1
11568	Great way to end a beautiful date night    	5
11569	Fast pace and hard working McDonald's	5
11570	"I didn""t get order how dose it work"	2
11571	"Clean, food is pretty good price perfect"	4
11572	How the hell do McDonalds close at 10:30pm shm... upset	1
11573	Food was good service was slow under staffed	3
11574	Worst service ever 15 min to get my food	1
11575	Excellent service and nice people too.....Thank you	5
11576	"Horrible service, took ages to get my order"	1
11577	Very slow service at the drive thru	1
11578	"Too crowded, but they always make the food right."	3
11579	Most of the time missing one or two prices of orders	1
11580	The ice cream is fine... Not much else..	1
11581	A little slow but you know drunk people need to eat too	4
11582	New design for Mcdonalds very clean and friendly.	5
11583	McRib and staff great. Fries cold.	4
11584	The worst service Ronald ever admitted to owning. Get it together! And racist too!!	1
11585	Told me to pull around and wait for order. They forgot about me! They weren't busy	2
11586	"Rude customer service, especially coming from the shift manager."	1
11587	New building and new uniforms is very very nice now	5
11588	It's a McDonald's. It's clean and there's homeless people but they don't seem to bother anyone.	4
11589	This place has issues every other 3 rd time	1
11590	Great service only got a drink	3
11591	"Terrible service, slow drive thru"	1
11592	Staff is surly and the place is always full of homeless people.	3
11593	Broken menu	4
11594	I ordered ice tea .It was like water no tea at all    	1
11595	This place has horrible accuracy and dont care to answer the phone EVER.	1
11596	Bathroom access & nice customer service.	5
11597	2 for 5	5
11598	Soggy fries... old bun.. cold burger....            	1
11599	Big place... Busy. Good for big groups.	5
11600	"Was tired an it's close to home, very reasonably priced!!"	5
11601	Clean friendly quick servixe	5
11602	Took them 15 minutes to make a single cheeseburger	1
11603	Great place to go after the bar lol	4
11604	Ordered online to get deals. Old time McDonalds!	4
11605	Service and food quality are inconsistent	2
11606	It's a McDonald's that you have to pay to use the bathroom. That's all	3
11607	Extremely dirty bathrooms that you have to pay a quarter for really.	1
11608	Worst mcdonals super slow every time	1
11609	Below average by McDonald's standards	2
11610	Crazy slow and disorganized	1
11611	"Got my breakfast n coffee, yum"	5
11612	Always good for my 3yo	5
11613	Joke of a mcdonalds	1
11614	It's a good place Nd good service	5
11615	Get yourself a big Mac and some herion at the same time!	4
11616	40 minutes for a burger is just not acceptabe.	1
11617	employees courteous food ok	4
11618	Wish they had fish Fridays at all of the McDonalds	5
11619	Slowest McDonalds I have ever visited.	2
11620	Nuggets are good  the fr     	3
11621	Fast and friendly with food as expected.	4
11622	Had a blackout. But got our fries!	5
11623	They have what i want anx the service is super	5
11624	Its friendly enough but needs cleaning	3
11625	Good service and nice employees	5
11626	The app gives you great deals !	4
11627	Ran out of carbonated water for fountain drinks.	1
11628	Best customer service	5
11629	"Fast service, good fast food."	4
11630	Long wait times. Slooooow food	1
11631	Horrible service. Dirty and delayed	1
11632	Homless takeover at night and hangout in the bathroom begging for money at night	1
11633	Love a hot fudge sundae!	5
11634	Older McDs but service. Was good.	4
11635	Bathroom smells like an exhibit at the zoo	2
11636	Good options for the prices you pay.	4
11637	"Slow slow slow service
Never come here again"	1
11638	The nadir of Western Civilization is through   these GoldenArches.	1
11639	The McRib ted my downhill spiral..	2
11640	"Same food, consistently everyday."	2
11641	Just if you are in a hurry or want to save	1
11642	To many street people dominating the bathrooms	3
11643	Slowest drive thru ever	2
11644	I would not return a second time.	2
11645	Its very good for a common area	5
11646	Could be cleaner but the staff was kind	3
11647	Chicken tenders were so good	5
11648	Faat and easy going for today	3
11649	Food poisoning	1
11650	Good food quick to	5
11651	Uber eats is easy and fast	5
11652	I love Breackfast at these place	5
11653	Service was long and wrong order	1
11654	Everything was trash I'm sick bruh	1
11655	Yes number one in fast food	5
11656	Best frappe's in town!	5
11657	"Awesome staff, great MacFlurries...!!!!"	5
11658	Worst place I've been to.	1
11659	Not so nice crowd that gathers	3
11660	Possibly the worst McDonald      	1
11661	I love McDonald's coffee	4
11662	Fine for fast food	4
11663	"Cold fries, flat soda, it was awful"	1
11664	Service poor rude employees	1
11665	It's McFat what do you expect	4
11666	Good family orientated location	5
11667	It was ok.	4
11668	Love their deals	5
11669	One of the better McDonald's but still McDonald's.	4
11670	"Dirty, bad food, badly organised"	1
11671	Worst mcds manager	1
11672	All this type of food is garbage	1
11673	"Always good, Always consistent."	5
11674	Always there when need em	3
11675	Quick and good food..	4
11676	Pure chaos at this particular location	1
11677	The best big Mac in PB!	4
11678	"Not the best one, it is just fine."	2
11679	Forgot the bacon on my mcdouble	2
11680	Friendly.courtious personel	4
11681	I'm exhausted with McDonald's. Sorry	5
11682	Most toxic bathroom ever!	1
11683	Fast quick easy	5
11684	Very slow service.	3
11685	Good for any coffee	5
11686	As always piesrbomb.com	5
11687	Open 24h.. Awesome.	5
11688	Coffee is average and to sweet	2
11689	Great service and clean	5
11690	Same as all the other McDonald places	5
11691	Hit or miss on the service.	3
11692	Good service good area	4
11693	Slow and crack heads everywhere	1
11694	Impolite staff	1
11695	Very slow service	1
11696	Really Slow service.	2
11697	Love the fish sandwiches	5
11698	Awful food	1
11699	Good and fast service	5
11700	Nice customer service	5
11701	Bad service for everything	1
11702	Horrible customer service	2
11703	Great customer service	5
11704	You can eat there	5
11705	Very good service	4
11706	Great service personal	5
11707	Shitty service shitty employees	1
11708	"Seen one, seen 'em all."	3
11709	JUST LIKE OTHER MCDONALD'S	4
11710	Great junk food	5
11711	Gave wrong order	1
11712	Crews are not friendly.	2
11713	Hardly qualified as food	5
11714	"GREAT SERVICE AND
FOOD"	5
11715	Cold food	1
11716	Slowest McDonald's in PB.	1
11717	It's mcd	3
11718	i hate it	1
11719	"Clean, fast service"	5
11720	Random people loiter here	3
11721	Ink spot	5
11722	drive thru good	4
11723	Open late	5
11724	Ate there this morning	5
11725	After bar spot.....FOOD	5
11726	Stay away from this crackheads place	1
11727	A lot of homeless people	1
11728	Love McDonald's	5
11729	It's McDonald's what else needs to be said..	5
11730	two s	2
11731	Best chicken nuggets	5
11732	Slowest mds ever	1
11733	Drinks were wrong	3
11734	It sux	1
11735	Yes! Fries!	3
11736	Too many transients.	3
11737	This place is hit or miss.	3
11738	No good food	1
11739	Awful in every way!!!!!	1
11740	Dry nasty burgers	1
11741	Meh.	3
11742	Nice and clean.	4
11743	Was fine this time.	4
11744	Slowest place ever	3
11745	Yep...same coffee.	5
11746	To slow	1
11747	Nice	5
11748	I'm living it.	5
11749	I'm lovin it!!	5
11750	like the chicken mcgriddles	4
11751	it's mcdonalds...need I say more?	2
11752	Eh. Its McDonald's.	4
11753	Fast and clean.	4
11754	Fast and ok	4
11755	"Food was cold,"	1
11756	Wonderful!!!	5
11757	Hate it!	1
11758	"SLOW, very slow!"	1
11759	Slow service    	2
11760	Cool place	3
11761	Slow slow slow service	3
11762	Horrible service......	1
11763	Horrible service!	2
11764	Cool	4
11765	Can't beat	5
11766	Quick as usual	4
11767	Terrible service	1
11768	Sucks!	1
11769	Sds finest	5
11770	Great!!!	5
11771	It A Good Place	5
11772	good Service	3
11773	Fine	4
11774	Inexpensive menu	5
11775	Good	4
11776	Good	4
11777	Dry hamburger buns	1
11778	Assholles	1
11779	Ok	3
11780	Not to busy	3
11781	Great employees!!!!	5
11782	Newly remodeled	4
11783	Great personal	5
11784	Nice	5
11785	Quiet	5
11786	Good	5
11787	Good	5
11788	It        	4
11789	Nasty	1
11790	Always good	5
11791	Sucks	1
11792	Good service	5
11793	Fast	4
11794	Fast in hot	5
11795	Peaceful and yummy	4
11796	Bit costly.	2
11797	Trash	1
11798	Slow	1
11799	Rude	4
11800	Good Mcflurry's	4
11801	Okay	4
11802	It's alright	3
11803	Friendly	5
11804	Slow	4
11805	Okay service	3
11806	Bullshit	1
11807	It's MC Donalds	3
11808	Eh	2
11809	Super messsssssssy!!!!!!	1
11810	Typical McDonald's	5
11811	Excellent 	5
11812	"Hey, it's McDonald's"	3
11813	It is what it is.	4
11814	The usual.	4
11815	It's mcdonald's	3
11816	Disgusting	1
11817	It's McDonald's	5
11818	This McDonald's does 1 order per hour after midnight                          	1
11819	Drive in offers badly written. communication difficult.	2
11820	I was waiting for my turn and the person who was the cashier serving a white person did not take care of me and he ignored me because I was Hispanic I felt discriminated against they are racist	1
11821	"It's neither good nor bad. I don't think it's bad overall. It's the closest Mac to Pacific Beach, so you don't have to wait long after ordering, so it's perfect for saving time.
I have been many times and would love to go again."	4
11822	"You can enjoy eating in this place, I did not like eating outside the premises, besides the restrooms being closed"	3
11823	"The breakfast here is awesome. Ate a burger with scrambled eggs. Instead of burger bread, there were pancakes dipped in maple syrup. Incredibly delicious!!"	5
11824	Dirty needs more people to clean	3
11825	The place is a little neglected and they take a little longer than normal to serve	3
11826	I like fast food is good	4
11827	Excellent 	5
11828	I like it because it is close to my house I love the menu	5
11829	1/2 hour waiting time despite few customers	1
11830	Good and fast service. Nice place	5
11831	Very good service.	5
11832	Very rich good attention	5
11833	"Simple and good, good service."	5
11834	Worst Mac I've ever visited	1
11835	Just plain McDonalds! Good cucumber!	3
11836	Quick breakfast place	4
11837	"Great experience, good service"	5
11838	Neutral	3
11839	Regiment	5
11840	Neutral	3
11841	typical service	2
11842	Good 	4
11843	Terrible	1
11844	Good 	4
11845	Terrible	1
11846	Slowwww	1
11847	Neutral	3
11848	Excellent 	5
11849	Neutral	3
11850	Awful	1
11851	Perfect	5
11852	Excellent 	5
11853	Neutral	3
11854	bath	1
11855	Neutral	3
11856	Excellent 	5
11857	Neutral	3
11858	Excellent 	5
11859	fast food place	5
11860	Good 	4
11861	Excellent 	5
11862	Neutral	3
11863	Excellent 	5
11864	Excellent 	5
11865	Poor 	2
11866	Terrible	1
11867	Terrible	1
11868	Good 	4
11869	expensive food	1
11870	Poor 	2
11871	Good 	4
11872	Excellent 	5
11873	Excellent 	5
11874	Excellent 	5
11875	their burgers	4
11876	Neutral	3
11877	Excellent 	5
11878	Neutral	3
11879	Good 	4
11880	Good 	4
11881	Good 	4
11882	Excellent 	5
11883	Excellent 	5
11884	Excellent 	5
11885	Poor 	2
11886	Excellent 	5
11887	Good 	4
11888	Excellent 	5
11889	Neutral	3
11890	Excellent 	5
11891	Fresh Food and AWESOME TABLE SERVICE!!! 5   	5
11892	"Stopped by from Canada trip with my family, ordered Big Macs and quarter pounder. Both burgers were super fresh. Will definitely  stop by, the lady on the counter even brought us the food since we didn                           t h"	5
11893	"Being that it's the first Mickey D's after you cross into the US from Qu                  bec, Canada, this place gets seriously packed at times with the Canadian tourists. I saw 2 buses stopping in to feed their passengers during my short visit here, on top of the regular customers and/or those that are traveling by cars. Just like those working at Mickey D's over the border in the Canadian side (mainly showing French), these workers only spoke English and weren't too thrilled about French-only customers. I used the app to place my order, which was more convenient and the workers seemed to appreciate that more, since they don't have to deal with extra people face-to-face. My order came out in timely manner (even with tons of tourists flooding in) and the food was good. Staff was friendly as they get. Huge parki"	5
11894	Stopped in for a quick visit at this newly built location. Nice bright dining room with fresh flowers on the tables. The usual self ordering screens or a helpful staff behind the counter waiting to take your order. If you are in need of food on the go this location has you covered. Two drive through lanes and mobile order curbside spots so as to get you back on the road faster. As McDonalds go this is a great improvement.	4
11895	Food was slow. Manager (short hair woman) was having a mental breakdown or something and was being rude. She needs to be fired. Her name was Elizabeth or something. Very unprofessional.	1
11896	Great stop after coming over the border! Truck parking and green grass for the dogs!! Always clean inside and order is always correct!	5
11897	"I came there to pick up order around 5 in the morning, there was a manager(brown hair) who dealt with me very rudely, i politely requested for my uber pick up but he showed me attitude and just shut the window. That was an awful experience for me and i would like to suggest them to show some etiquettes and respect towards their customers. I also work in a restaurant and know how to deal with the customers and uber orders."	1
11898	"Nice place to stop when crossing over to the US. The service is pretty fast thnaks to the help of automated service screens. The restaurant is clean. You can also access two drive-through lanes. There is a huge parking, so there is always place to park. The restaurant offers free wi-fi, which is very convenient."	5
11899	Fresh and good! Plus very clean and modern. Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been to in a while.	5
11900	Usually really good but this time I was missing the deluxe on my chicken deluxe burger I ordered.  	3
11901	One of the cleanest and most modern McDonald's location's I've been to. The staff were really nice and my food was ready before my butt had a chance to hit the seat.	5
11902	Obviously not enough  staff working.  Ice machine was broke.  We had to go up to counter and ask for a couple things missing from our order.  Things were a mess.	1
11903	Probably the worst McDonald's restaurant I know. They can't manage to get any orders right and I've sat in their drive thru on several occasions for a few minutes with nobody covering it. Terrible	2
11904	Awful service. I'd ve before I eat at this location again. Person working the cash had no idea what they were doing. Others standing around not doing anything. Door was locked in the middle of the afternoon so people couldn't come into the lobby to order. No ice available for your drink. Do yourself a favour and find another location to eat at.	1
11905	"The staff was nice and smiling but it took a bit long to get our food.
For the kids meal, I was asked if I wanted Pok                  mon or a toy for kids under 3 and I said under 3 as my daught"	3
11906	Very clean and has a kiosk that you can order. Drive through is available as well.	4
11907	I stop at this McDonald's like once a week or two and usually service is fine food is fine and normally I would've put 4 but tonight I went there ten minutes before they closed and there was a few cars there service like it usually was but other fast food restaurants I check my food before I leave I didn't here cause I come here usually and everything is fine but when I got home to night I ordered two large meals and when I pulled out the large frys it was filled with enough to fill up a small it was filled 1/3 the size of a large not just one but both were and a lot of them tasted kinda stale like they were made a couple hours before I got them.	3
11908	Very clean and efficient McDonald               	5
11909	"Shout out to the Champlain, NY staff who handled a very stressful situation last night very well. They had long lines at the window and a sudden large crew from a bus with tight time needs and some hangry energy. The staff was gracious throughout and incredibly fast. Thank you!"	5
11910	"Doors say they open at 6am. Thats a lie!! At 630 still locked. Nobody answering the phone, constant busy signal. **management                            if youre not going to open the doors for din"	1
11911	"Extremely slow when I passed yesterday around noon. Order came without any napkins.. Dispenser beside soft drink fountain was empty. Ask for some napkins at the counter and got 1 ( one ).
How cheap can you get??
Garbage cans beside the entrance were overflowing.
Can not recommended at all."	1
11912	Haven't seen a McDonald's so lost in my life :(	1
11913	"Very slow. We were one of two cars, we were asked to go to the third window where we waited... while the car behind us got their food, then another car. Our order? One mcdouble. One double quarter pounder meal. That's it. Then the fries are cold. If they had competition in champlain they would not be doing well."	2
11914	Waiting over 30 minutes to order. Then get to the window got my food then it was wrong went in doors were lock only 730 at night all doors were lock. All was 4 cheese burgers. Went back to drive thru window cuz my order was wrong. All they did was scrap it off only wanted pickles and Mac sauce and it was everything on it. When took it back just scrap off and gave it back. Was nasty	1
11915	Typical McDonald's fast service	4
11916	"Friendly stop right after the can-us border, great service"	5
11917	"The worst drive threw service. After waiting 10 min to order because 2 cars used the left lane drive threw and got served before me, then having to wait another 20 min to receive my order, to see that the McChicken had sauce when I said no sauce and the cheeseburger wasn                           t well done like I asked. If I could give 0 s I would. A week before 25 min drive threw wait and the food was co"	1
11918	Incredibly slow wait.  Food served was cold.  Received partial refund and PERSONAL INSULTS from the crew.  You do not need to train such bad staff.  Fire them.	1
11919	This one              	1
11920	Franchise owners need to hire more staff to keep up with demand	1
11921	"Stopped here on our way home from Vermont.  The restrooms were very clean, but toilet paper was running low.  Staff needs some training in customer service, I felt like we were inconveniencing them for ordering.  Manager who was at the counter and served our food to us was very nice though.  Overall, it's a convenient pit-stop on route 11, easy to access, well lit and plenty of parking for cars, trucks, and RV's."	3
11922	The owner of this McDonald's needs to read this.  When you have a breakfast special  you should want to please the customer. If the customer wants 2ausage biscuits instead of 2 bacon biscuits  are a customer would prefer a a certain type of bread for there breafast sandwich special you should not put stipulations on what type of bread they want.  Other McDonald's have catered to my needs if your not willing to cater to customer needs then you will have less customers.  Also charging for ranch not everyone can eat ketchup because of acid and stomach problems and need ranch for there fries instead of ketchup. Anyone that says they need ranch for there fries are hashbrown not just chicken nuggets because they have stomach issues you should make exception to that for that.  And one last thing.  Your workers look miserable not one of them smiles at me im very outgoing person.  You need to explain to your workers that there attitudes are sour and need to cheer up. We all have bad days but when somone looks like they hate being there based off of there unfriendly customer service then they need more training.   Night service is better from my experience but the morning service needs to be looked at.  It's not fun to drive up and the worker gives you that look like they hate you and shows no customer service skills at all. Thank you for your understanding. Take my advice and you will have more customers	1
11923	"Coming from Montreal, this is our first stop after clearing US customer. We stopped for breakfast around 930. They did not have the egg steak and cheese bagel. In fact, they had no bagels at all. We ordered the muffing egg meals but got the biscuit meal. It also took them a while to get our order."	1
11924	As good as most McDonald          	5
11925	Okay i love McDonald                           s but y                           all fries have been cold for months          	3
11926	"Best McDonald's I've ever visited. Clean, with flowers on the table and table service. As good as it gets for a fast food restaurant. Bravo."	5
11927	I never give McDonalds a 5  but this newly build restaurant has table service and the food is hot and terrific. There was a older store here previously but this new one is da bomb.	5
11928	Ordered two Mcdoubles...one with ketchup only the other plain. The one with ketchup was so messy you couldn't even handle it and the other wasn't plain. The order was printed correctly on the receipt. Are these employees just not able to read?	2
11929	"The food is good. Orders get filled properly. There were 2 PAST experiences when my order was messed and once I waited 2 hours for my order to be done properly.
I                         "	4
11930	"Dirty, no ice for drinks and a lot of food nat available."	2
11931	Food seems to be getting worse. Tables dirty. Sketchy crowd loitering within the store.	1
11932	Really nice place and experience! Higly recommend it! Even for a date!	5
11933	The service was great surprisingly! Our food was hot and they actually had our order completely correct! Which is a big plus for this McDonald's. I do recommend McDonald's if you go at the right times	4
11934	Only stop here if you have to.	2
11935	"This could be a fluke but on 3eparate occasions when I have gone there over the past 2 months their soda machine was not working.  So you couldn't order a meal deal.  Other than that it is a nice, regular McDonald's"	3
11936	Stopped here at the Champlain location for a quick bite while on my way home. The service was extremely slow. The employee tasked with serving the food to customers walked out and took several minutes to return and upon return took several more minutes to serve the food. The food was subpar as well. My recommendation is to avoid	2
11937	"The french fries were stale.

Edit: dropped one more , it was noon only car in drive through ordered a double cheeseburger and fries. Got to the window from there they sent me to there 3rd window  where i sat for 10mins until i got my food. The fries were half full and stale. The cheeseburger was good though."	2
11938	A complete joke I told them I wanted a medium meal they charged me for a large and when I asked it to be fixed they said ok and didn't fix it . I will never go there again .then when I asked for ranch I was told they didn't have any but my girlfriend went in and asked for it up front and they gave it to her . I would of gave 0 if possible .	1
11939	Went for the coffee which was fine. But also ordered a breakfast sandwich and a hash brown. They had an excessive amount of grease. Couldn't finish it.	2
11940	"We grabbed dinner Sunday evening, 2 x 2 cheese burger meals and 1 chicken nugget happy meal. We jumped back on the road to head home to peru after a hockey game. We opened our yellow cheese burger wrappers to find all 4 cheese burgers were missing the cheese. What a disappointment after a long day and drive."	1
11941	Got the job done and place was very clean.	5
11942	"I have to say how impressed I am with this McDonald's. It is one of the very few fast food restaurants I've been to that always put a smile on your face. The staff is super courteous. The food is always good. The fries are always hot. Whenever I cross the border, I try to stop here just because I know the service is impeccable. They deserve an award for being so friendly."	5
11943	"Employees need to take more care in their sandwich assembly. To be fair, the employer should pay a more competitive wage to incentivize better work."	3
11944	The ordering system was fancy there. We could take our time to decide what to order and did not have worry about staff waiting for your order. The food price is too high given the quality.	3
11945	My visit went well. The employees were busy working yet friendly and attentive. I used the McD app for the first time here also. Always glad to get a good deal and great service. Good job.	5
11946	"Service is slow, even even when the place is empty. I wouldn't dare go when the place is actually busy. It's a bit expected since it's so close to the border.
The interior seems pretty clean and the customer service is decent. I've only been on days when it's not busy, so my experiences have been decent."	4
11947	"Worst coffee drink in my whole life, literally threw up in the parking lot & threw it away after 1ip. I don't plan on coming here again."	1
11948	Give the wrong burger  i asked  for double qpounder  and drive half mile and find I didn't get right sandwiches. And drive delivery parts couldn't turn around after I kind when out my way to get a bit to eat. But hop they put right one in the box the next time.	2
11949	"Always double-check your order when you get it. Be patient. So many irate customers here. It's unreal. If you come during a busy time, use the self-serve kisoks. I have never seen them open more than one register since the remodel. All of the excellent staff were let go when they rebuilt the store and didn't come back. This particular store is the best argument for a $20 minimum wage. Maybe if people earned more they might be more motivated or they could hire people who are enthusiastic."	1
11950	"Worst Buttermilk Chicken Sandwich...chicken was like rubber.
Fries were fair.
Husband had 2 Cheeseburgers and they were not great either.
Coffee and hot mocha were good.
This McDonald's was beautiful inside. Looked just renovated."	3
11951	"We are frequent customers of this restaurant.  While the food was good, the inside was a mess!  Every garbage can was overflowing, with stacks of garbage piled up on all of them.  The tables were littered with paper and garbage. There were papers all over the floor, even by the register.  At the drink station, there were scattered cups and catsup splattered on the counter and floor.  Counter service was excruciatingly slow.  Since we really like the renovation and usually great service, we will probably give it one more shot.  We were there almost a half hour and so no one in the front cleaning.  Hopefully they can address and correct the problem."	1
11952	"On the rare occasion my family stops here the order ALWAYS gets screwed up. More often than not it's the drive thru that screws up. The kiosk is cool and the game on a table is fun, but that in no way makes up for the lack of attention to orders. My rare visits will become even more rare."	2
11953	In a rush to get a lunch after 7 hours of work and the cashier takes an employee before me even  though I was next in line. No biggie until the employee orders something so messed up the cashier has to ask someone how to punch it in and then needs help again to give the employee the discount. I've never had a good experience at this McDonald's.	1
11954	The service was okay today and the staff was friendly. I still had to pull up to wait for someone to bring out a simple order. This location is routinely slow in processing drive thru orders.  I'm talking 15 minutes or more. I wouldn't order anything there within an hour of closing. I was once served an Egg McMuffin on a biscuit with a folded egg. Some friends ordered 10 McFlurries and each cup was less than half full like they rationed it out.  This is probably one of the most disappointing and poorly run locations. You don't mind paying twice as much for a coffee at the Dunkin next door because the McDonald's is sooooo slow.	2
11955	"Poor service, it took over 40 minutes for our food. The workers were more concerned with the drive thru. Nobody was working the front register or paying attention."	2
11956	I usually go there every morning but my order usually gets messed up at least once a week. with that being said they do replace my meal for free on the following visit.	4
11957	"Wow... This McDonald's is beyond awful. So many bad experiences!

For one, outside the place smells like a landfill. The inside is covered in flies and old decorations from months ago. Every table is dirty, the bathrooms are atrocious and the garbage is overflowing. If that were tolerable, the food certainly is it. There's always something wrong with the order or the food is old and stale or overcooked. We have had multiple issues with their soft drinks machine. Either the soda is warm, there is no carbonation or both. If someone suggests I go to this McDonald's again, I'll kindly tell them I'll eat my own foot after trouncing around in manure. There's no reason that cheap food has to be so lacking in quality."	1
11958	Such in a hurry our double cheese burgers are horrible put together with hair on them. We threw them away. The ones we could eat made very sloppy. We eat McDonald's at least one time a week.	3
11959	"Horrible manager there , a woman by the name of Marsha I believe  or t with  an M i. I v Been waiting for the food for 15 mins and she tells me if I don't want to wait I should leave . How can a manager tells this? I am sure there is some sort of conduct policy or else she wouldn't been a manager"	1
11960	"Stuff is super polite and nice and helpful. 4 because if you pay at a kiosk, grab a receipt and a table number, find a place, proudly install the number on top of it and wait you are sort of in a limbo: your order is not shown on any display, you have no clue when and how you will be served.
We waited for a good 20 min and then I just asked a very nice and polite servant if I did everything correctly and when we will be served. He said all is ok and they just have too many orders at this time but he said I will help.
Suggestion to the higher management.
All orders numbers have to be on one of the displays otherwise there are no feedback to the paid clients and with a less passionate clients you may have issues.
What is for sure is that this situation decreases efficiency of the floor workers since the current state of kiosk order processing creates a situation in which ppl will be asking questions that can easily be fixed by software upgrade!!
McCheers!!!
;-)"	4
11961	"McDonald's is not a place where I would normally eat however, it was the only game in town. Food was hot and delivered to the table, so who am I to complain."	3
11962	It was horrible order from inside and it was a 27 min wait for food!! Ridiculous for 3 meals....	1
11963	"Hello

I was stunned to read reviews of this location on Google.  Not our experience at all.

My wife and I both agree that this was the finest, cleanest, friendliest McDonalds we have ever been to ... dating back to the mid 1970's!  That's a lot of McDonalds all across Ontario, Quebec and probably 30 states in the USA.

We stopped on our way through for a quick bite at about 11:30 a.m. Thursday May 9 and again at about 1:30 p.m. Monday May 13.

We loved the staff, the patriotic decorations and just the overall welcoming atmosphere.

What a place.  Hope they keep it up!"	5
11964	Since their new building has opened it takes FOREVER to get your food! It                           s supposed to be fast food and it takes 20-30 minutes in the drive through and then they gave my kids toddler toys when I did not ask 	1
11965	"Worst service in years. 10pm at night. Only car in the drive thru. 20 minutes for chicken tenders and fries. No explanation given. ""We are working on it"". The team's teenage friends inside however were getting personalized service with their coffees."	1
11966	This place has the worst service they kept giving us the wrong order and actually had his pay for someone else's. the area took a while to correct and then we still had to wait for our food for another 10 minutes or so. This was all done through the drive-thru and I expected better service the New York City from this place but I definitely didn't get it. the food actually wasn't that good either I remember feeling sick after I got home later so I definitely don't recommend going to this McDonald's.	1
11967	"No one waits on you EVERYONE wants to help you order from the buy here pay here kiosk.  I want to order my food pay cash and have someone there so I don't have to wait 10 minutes for someone who has ignored the fact I have stood there 10 min, to show up and say May I help you. Ya you could have been here 10 minutes ago instead of standing in the corner with EVERYONE else running your mouth"	2
11968	"These people can't get an order straight to save their lives. We went in with an order that was WRITTEN DOWN CLEARLY and was very precise. 3 times we had to go back to the counter. The last time my sand which was dropped on the floor, picked up, wiped off, put in the container and handed to me! I got the entire incident captured on my phone and when I confronted the person, they denied my sandwhich even fell. This place is all around terrible. Save yourself the risk of salmonella poisoning and drive the 18 miles to Plattsburgh. Your health will thank you! I'd give zero s if it were possible!!!!!!

.... 2/17/19....
Here We freaking go again! Tried one last time tonight, was very specific with our order (which wasn't very hard to begin with) and guess what? A complete and total failure! These people just don't Care! Do yourself A favor and drive the extra miles to Plattsburgh."	1
11969	"Last stop before entering Canada! I recommend grabbing a bite here because one thing awaits you for sure for 1+hrs at the other side of the border: traffic. Grab a bite and if you're coming back from Canada, I think they accepted all of my Canadian change that I had left so that was convenient too."	4
11970	"This place seriously needs some funding from the head office to renovate and modernize the dinning area. Washrooms are deplorable. Considering the amount of Canadian traffic that passes through Champlain, I believe most would like a pit stop for lunch while traveling down to the states, a renovation would be warranted and I think most people would enjoy eating here more often."	1
11971	"I only went in to use the bathroom and get a refreshment, but they were promoting ""Lobster Rolls!"" So I ordered one. One of the best Lobster Rolls I ever had! It was very tasty, and had plenty of lobster meat. Besides all of the lobster meat, my sandwich had the the full piece of meat from a claw!"	5
11972	"Easy and clean  place to stop once you come back into the US  from the Canadian border.  The coffee is good and restroom is clean. Decour is a bit dated, but the food comes out fast and taste  the way it should."	4
11973	"Coming from Quebec and it's 1pm, we stopped by for quick lunch. Burger was of course very good and the place is very modern but what surprised me was the great service. There was this McDonalds employee who was asking us if we need anything like soda refills or coffee. This is the first McDonalds that I experienced this great service. Go there folks!"	5
11974	During a severe thunderstorm I told my son to pull over and get indoors. He was right near Mcdonalds in Champlain and he went in and ordered some food. After he got his food they kicked my son out and said he couldn't hang around due to covid right in the middle of the worst part of the storm. Use some common sense Mcdonalds and have a heart.	1
11975	They took the fast out of fast food today! Always pull ahead at window 2. I remember when you use get your food from that window! If the machine breaks down we break down!	1
11976	"Really same old same old. Once you've been to one, you've been to pretty much all of them. At least in Canada and the US anyways. This recently renovated location is clean and efficient the drive-thru is way faster than going inside."	3
11977	Place was over crowded. Took 10 minutes to place order then another 20 minutes getting it just to not get my full order. I won't be back to this resturant.	1
11978	"This particular location is a regular stop for us after crossing the border.

Usually clean, good gas stations in area.

Also, good spot to access your Canadian data plan one last time."	5
11979	"Long wait drive thru 30 cars customer inside waiting over 20 minutes to get his order taken, poor service"	1
11980	Good and fast service with their new drive through. always in and out very quickly. Glad to have this in the area.	5
11981	"The man bathroom urinals stink so bad, the water does not flush the toxic substance in it. It gets busy when 2 buses pull in at the same time. The touch screen is not as easy to operate as most older people and many foreigners don't know how to place an order for the meal."	3
11982	"Extremely slow service, almost 30 minutes to get two cups of coffee, all staff was servicing drive thru and took the inside customers orders, but did not fill them. Not even a""sorry for the delay"". Manager told staff to stop taking orders"	1
11983	One of the best mcdonalds I have been too. We travel from Montreal to New York frequently and often stop by this mcdonalds. The service is always efficient and quick. Premises always clean! Definitely a thumbs up especially considering how filthy and awful some other mcdonalds can be!!	5
11984	Great food and great service	5
11985	Always loved McDonald's.	5
11986	"Was asked to leave because the dining room was closed,
however there are no signs stating that the dining room was closed. This was after we ordered on the kiosk in the lobby that said nothing about the dining room being close as well. The food was poorly prepared it was a mess."	1
11987	They force you to order from a kiosk while employees just stand around.  In fact the busiest person there was the one telling people to use the kiosks to order.  I had to ask three times for my drink cup.	2
11988	"Lacking in customer service.  Wouldn't substitute steak for sausage in big breakfast. Even after we said we would pay extra. Biscuits were hard. Bathroom was nasty!
Only good thing worth the one  was the coffee!!"	1
11989	"On point service. Got straws, napkins, even a salsa for my breakfast burrito! Quick service too!"	5
11990	Tired of getting cold half filled frys! They would not serve half a tea! Why serve half a fry!	1
11991	This is the worst McDonald's ever.they are very slow.they screw up our order every time we go there.we are done with this place.today I asked for 2 hamburgers I got 2 cheeseburgers.wth.we are always asking for our cup for our soda.at times we could stand there for more than 10 min.before being waited on.never again.	1
11992	"The foods always good here but the waiting time sucked. Its like nobody in there wanted to work this night. Almost 10 minutes waiting for simple orders, and it was at the end and it wasn't packed. Smh"	4
11993	Was ok food usually gets messed up and sometimes not so tasty at this McDonald's I used to go their all the time when I first moved up here but every single time I went their messed my order up and the food was mostly gross some is ok but not as good as other McDonald's	2
11994	They don't listen. They gave us really cold fry's. The Dr. Pepper was flat. The manger was very rude. I ask for light lettuce and extra sauce on my big mac. And they put big load of lettuce and very little sauce. THEY DONT LISTEN!!!!!	1
11995	"Who rates McDonalds?! Well, this one is worth rating. Fresh flowers at the tables, a greeter, super clean, table delivery, friendly staff, classy interior (yes, better than other mcds...). Nice job at this location! Impressed!"	5
11996	"Drive-thru can be very slow. Your better off to go in, order on the kiosk, then leave with your food if you don't want to dine in. The food is comparable to other McDonald's franchises I've been to."	4
11997	"Absolutely awful, get your stuff together McDonalds. Yes, their food tastes good but the place it's self is horrid. If you are in a rush which most of us are since it's fast food, don't come to this one. Without a doubt they will get your order completely wrong. They have literally messed up my order 3 times in this past week. I order iced peppermint coffee, and they never give it to me even though it says it on my receipt, it';s always hot coffee they give me. One of the orders messed up my coffee so bad that it was just a hot coffee with just creamer in it, no sugar or flavor(even though I asked for iced peppermint mocha). I ordered 2 pies and they didn't even give me them, plus picante sauce comes with the breakfast burritos yet they never give me it either. Mess up my McChicken just about every time I order it. This happens very often but this time it threw me over the edge since it was so frequent this week. Champlain's McDonalds is the worse by far that I have been to."	1
11998	Was going through and the family decided we should get McDonald's seeing how we were about 30minutes till they closed was gonna just get something small went to the drive thru and no one answered pulled to the front and saw about 5 people just looking at us weird then turning to each other and laughing.. not satisfied with them at all	1
11999	What staff they had were working hard but the place was a mess in service was very slow.	1
12000	Same as every other McDonald's	4
12001	Slow service. Kids working don            	1
12002	It's one of the most techi mcdonalds out there.  However it does occasionally take more than a few minutes to get your food in the drive through on a busy day.  You're better off to go in an order from the kiosk and sit at the tables.  They all have flowers on them.	4
12003	It was backed up after baseball and bcuz a bunch of electrical workers came in off of 87. But after just a few minutes wait the drive thru ted working very rapidly.	4
12004	"Update... Was in hurry and tried this McD's again. Huge improvement from past experience. Food was hot, seemed fresh for fast food. Raised one ... With raise again if next visit consistent.

Past review...
New bulding... same substandard food. They must get corporate McDonald leftovers. Not sure why the fries and burgers taste awful compared to other McDs. Cold wilty fries and the hambuger pattes looked worse than most. Hoped the new building would have improved food. Got a green quarter pounder patty last visit in old building. Disappointed, do not like going to Plattsburgh if can help it. maybe try again in a year. hopefully better experience then."	3
12005	"A good McDonalds location. Placed an in app order for drive thru pick up. All went well, quickly and correctly fulfilled. Staff was friendly. Thumbs up!"	5
12006	"Normally decent food for a McDonald                           s restaurant however if you order a frozen drink, they make it first so it sits there and melts. No matter what time of day, it                           s always the same. Don        "	1
12007	"Terrible service and terrible management. Paid with 2 gift cards and 10 dollars cash for my meal, you would think I would get change back, but she hands me back a gift card. Tells me the change is on the card. Gave me back an empty gift card, tried using it in plattsburgh on rt9 McDonald's, manager informed me it was empty....So I guess thievery as well goes with their reputation"	1
12008	"The McDonald's in Champlain NY is a great place to grab something to eat and to be honest I just came here last night on my way to Altona to play the slot machines and I really enjoy coming to this McDonald's and it's way far better than the one is in my town where I live and it's like Night And Day compared to this one and I just as well give this place a 5  Rating and the other one is a 1  Rating and if I had the opportunity to give it a BIG FAT ZERO I REALLY WOULD AND I DON'T THINK THAT IT'S FAIR TO REVIEWER'S TO HAVE TO GIVE IT A 1  WHEN THEY DON'T DESERVE IT?????

This McDonald's here in Swanton VT is probably the worst place to get so called fast food! I go through the drive thru too order my food, but before I do go too McDonald's I always make sure that I have a full tank of gas in my car. Because by the time I get my food, I've already waisted at least 15 bucks in gas by the time I leave this place. I believe that if it's going too take a half hour or more to finally get my very Luke Warm Garbage then this McDonald's should not be allowed to call themselves a part of the Fast Food Chain! If you want to get something quick to eat, then don't go to this McDonald's here in Swanton and their service is terrible and the food is even worse!"	1
12009	Good service short waiting time friendly people here	5
12010	It was okay they never rly get my order correct tho	5
12011	Only been there once before today I remember why it                           s horrible had to wait for my food for them to not even give it all to me 	1
12012	Not big the food	2
12013	Switching over to the computers to order which takes a while to find what you want on the screen and customize it. Orders took a long time to be prepared and the worker gave my milkshake to the wrong person before he said he didn't order one	3
12014	"We Canadians get so much less than USA McD's.  I don't even bother going to Canadian outlets unless it was for the $1.00 coffee. Here, everything was done as McD would want...AND served to your table another difference between the two."	5
12015	This place doesn't serve McLobster roll anymore.  We used to go there twice a summer for their lobster roll.  I gave a 4 became of the interior quality.	4
12016	Better than the last few times I have been there. They actually had warm food. and was not forever in the drive thru.	3
12017	Couldn't eat inside. But other than that staff was polite. Food order was quick	3
12018	Prices were most impressive.	5
12019	No milkshake no change for your order not told this till they are collecting my money I'm not in to being hustled by McDonald's good luck I won't be back very disappointed	1
12020	There was a bug in my filet sandwich but the manager rectified it by giving me a coupon for a free filet fish meal .I'm suppose to get another one in the mail I haven't received it as yet .	1
12021	Had to come for the mcrib. Last chance it was delicious!	5
12022	This location always has friendly staff.	5
12023	"The service is quick for sure quality is consistent, never had a problem with this McDonald's, ,,,,
Same thing happened to me too , some white  aged man just put himself in front of me, and I m white"	3
12024	Fast service very clean great stop at the border	4
12025	"This McDonald                           s puts Quebec                           s locations to shame.
"	5
12026	Thier new drive thru is much faster than the old one	5
12027	I dont want to use a computer to place my own orders. I order a sandwich without things that come on it and special drinks. But then the cashier can't get my order right either	2
12028	I'm parked at Maplefields store. I walked up to McDonalds. I ordered a bacon sandwich. Instead I get a deluxe qtr cheese. This always happens. This is why I go to Wendy's.	1
12029	"Service is fast and the food is well. ..McDonalds.  Decor needs an update.
Staff is very nice and friendly.
Very popular with Canadians traveling to the USA."	3
12030	Waited 10 minutes for my order to be ready via drive thru. They forgot to put a hamburger party on one of my custom order cheese burgers... So essentially I had a cheese sandwich	3
12031	"Food was cold. Asked for no pickles, got pickles. Fries were stale and we waited 10 minutes for the food. Why was it cold if we had to wait? Only reason we stopped was there was no where else to go."	1
12032	"They seem to be indefinitely out of bacon. Last week, no bacon in my double cheese burger although I asked for it and today, they replaced it with ham in my BACON McMuffin...

Edit: after weeks of ordering there, they always do mistakes on every other order!"	1
12033	It's no longer a cheap meal ours usually for two people cost around 20 bucks but the coffee is good and we know that the food is always to a certain standard which is very important when we're traveling on the highway and we don't know the restaurants.	4
12034	Best looking McDonald's I have ever been to the fountain machine was a new version of the coke touch screen you see alot now the booths were very comfortable and they got my food to me very quickly excellent experience	5
12035	Kind of expensive for what it is. 15$ for a featured burger fries and a small shake? At least the service was quick and employees smiled. Used the drive thru this time.	3
12036	"Well decorated, typical micky d's."	4
12037	Had to wait to get my food and still wouldn't come until I beeped my horn at the drive through. And they almost forgot my root beer and I was the only one in the line.	3
12038	"I stand almost 10 mns in front of a cashier Who completely ignore me. When I requested to be served, she looked at me and Says: I'm sorry, I didn't see you.
No surprise. I am a black man 6 feets 2 and 260 lbs."	2
12039	"Just went there after it opened after over a month of building a new restaurant. This place has been known for getting orders wrong all the time, first time going there in a while, got my order wrong..... Puts a bad taste in my mouth, literally"	1
12040	I'm just not impressed with the prices with the quality of food still seems to be the same. Also the employees always seem to be dragging your feet don't seem happy to be there.	3
12041	"There is always long wait at drive through, sometimes even for 15-20 minutes"	1
12042	"Not very fast, not very clean, not very good. The opposite of what could be a good fast-food restaurant. On the plus side, they have high chair for kids."	2
12043	Nicely decorated and takes both currencies.	5
12044	"Ate there last nite  food was good & service was great ,my order was up b4 i could fill my drink , looks like any typical mcds not sure bout all the flap about remodling ."	5
12045	"there was a little bit of language barrier that needs improvement.
If the staff can't understand the customer just ask or repeat back the customer's statement to clarify"	3
12046	"Love the new renovations and the table service is too much, I can                   "	5
12047	"Ordered 40 dollars worth of food drove 15 miles home to find my grandson didn't get his chicken MC- nuggetsthen drove back 15 miles back for the nuggets gas + time because of their mistake
And I get an apple pie, wip- pe do thanks alot Champlain MC Donands!!!!!"	1
12048	"The food was good. Hot and fresh. But every time I go, the wait is inexcusably long."	2
12049	"Very friendly staff, very clean inside, meal excellent"	5
12050	Latte machine has been out for 10 Days . The coffee never taste the same !	2
12051	Possibly the worst and slowest fast food experience I have ever had. The only thing that was good about this restaurant is that it was clean.	1
12052	This restaurant has been totally redone inside. Very nice and clean. Food fresh and hot. Staff friendly	5
12053	This McDonald's location could be cleaner. They need to may attention to the Self-Serve station a tad more. Otherwise typical McDonald's experience.	4
12054	"Soda machine needs help.
Water comes out brown the first time. Second time clearer but has bad taste"	3
12055	I want to say thank you . my order was wrong but the manager. On duty took care of it wow great thanks . o and i had the best frapa	5
12056	"Been here multiple times, and had to wait over an hour and a half the first time half hour this time. Called and emailed the first time with no answer and this time was told I dont pick my team or do schedule."	1
12057	Couldn't eat there as they don't have Halal menu	2
12058	"Extremely busy McDonald                           s, it        "	2
12059	Great place for the kids to have fun with arcade games. Interesting food variety! I didn't know McDonald's had pasta and pizza!	5
12060	1/2 hour waiting for two egg McMuffins. Bathroom gross.	1
12061	"Meal was late, fries cold and I had to enter from the drive through to get my soft drink that was not brought out to the car."	1
12062	Great friendly fast service. Love that fact that y'all have truck parking!	5
12063	It's Always Good and hot food at this McDonald's restaurant unlike some of the others that I have been too!	5
12064	Ordered a chicken sandwich only to get home to find out I got a burger and since I was the only car in the drive through  not sure how that mistake could happen	1
12065	The worst service I ever experienced at a McDonald restraunt in champlain ny very slow and have no clue whats going on they need someone to manage that place and speed up the service	1
12066	New building New Kids working same old MickeyDs food.They still have the same great coffee and that's why I go there	4
12067	We had the best time and the food was good. I wish there were pickles on my cheeseburger	5
12068	Route 3 mcdonalds is great. They are fast and friendly and the food is good. The service of employees are wonderful.	5
12069	I got two smoothies and fries for 30 cents. In other words it's the worst restaurant and I give it a 10/5 on the graphics alone.	5
12070	Fast friendly and accurate.foid was freshly prepared.Great job	5
12071	"The McDonald's next to the boarder was awesome! The food was nice, and the place itself if decked you with great machines!"	4
12072	I will never return to this location. We went in there today and they did not wait on a truck driver. he left without food and was very angry. Truck drivers should be served they are the ones out there working for the country	1
12073	Chaimplain is beautiful plattsburgh needs to upgrade like chaimplain walk in go to touch screen kiosk take a number and have a seat and very speedy and accurate	5
12074	Same as any other McDonald's	4
12075	I find it strange but the big Mac in USA is bigger than that served in Canada.	5
12076	"Clean but took very long, for fast food at least, to actually receive the order"	3
12077	Very nice staff but took 20 mins to get egg McMuffin. Not worth it if you're in a rush	1
12078	"Poor service, cold product nothing was good about my last visit"	1
12079	Food was fresh and the staff was very polite. Only had to wait a bit.	4
12080	Great location. Not much else in the area so appreciate it being there!	5
12081	New McDonald's with friendly staff and super clean restrooms! Our food and drinks were perfect.	5
12082	"Very nice folks for me my breakfast in record time. Obviously, McDonald's cannot be compared to a steakhouse or similar."	4
12083	Better than McDonald     	4
12084	"Every time I go to McDonald's I either get cold food or something is wrong like hey I want a Mcchicken add tomato and when I open it, it has bun mayo lettuce tomato but no chicken like where did it go"	3
12085	Greasy food but ok	3
12086	Fast and friendly service and my food was fresh!	5
12087	This particular location was great service and everything was made right very pleased with our visit	5
12088	Amazing service. Super friendly and fast. Food was well prepared.	5
12089	"Best McDonald, they even have flowers on the table. I felt like Princess Kate when she has breakfast at the Birmingham palace"	4
12090	"Service was slow, no napkins anywhere.. I watched an employee put his hands in his pants and then continued to work without washing his hands. Then touches an ice cream cone... ew."	1
12091	I ordered at 7:25 got my food at 7:28 very friendly  Very fast food was good	5
12092	Food is good but getting what you order the first time is a whole new challenge	3
12093	Go to a nice place and get a good burger for less. Prices at McDonalds have gotten way to high for fast food.	3
12094	"Brand new, or very recently renovated. Good service, they brought my order to my table!"	5
12095	Bathroom was disgusting! Major need of updating broken tiles not clean at all when i went in on may 15th 2016	1
12096	It's McDonald's.. same anywhere you go pretty much.	3
12097	Always having to wait more the 10 to 15 mins in the drive thru.	2
12098	"Although slow service, at least it is newly renovated and has self-serve machines."	4
12099	Using the drive thru ? Check your orders !	2
12100	"There is nothing special or exceptional about it, it is just like any other McDonald's and I only went out of convenience and lack of options"	3
12101	They did pretty good for late night and a bus full of people. Food was hot!	3
12102	"Consistently terrible and slow service/quality. They also don't stay open during the hours they list, closing early."	1
12103	Good place to eat if u want something fast and your in a hurry	4
12104	7 out of 10 times I go there through the drive through they forget something and I have to go back inside and get it	2
12105	It was cool until this old white guy walks up and gets in front of me in line as if i wasn't standing there...	4
12106	I ordered a coke and got a dr.pepper. this is the 2nd time that they have done this.	1
12107	"Worse food ever, way to salty. Had to throw it away. Definitely not the McDonald's of years ago."	1
12108	Awesome     	5
12109	Terrible curbside service.  Not busy and everyone had to wait at least 20 minutes for a small order	1
12110	GET RID OF THE COMPUTERIZED FOUNTAIN DRINK MACHINE!!!	1
12111	Nice place and very modernized with cashier kiosks for ordering and food delivered to tables	5
12112	"There's often stuff missing. No soft drinks, no breakfast. Quick service tho"	3
12113	"Next the 87N, lost to Canadian boarder, with friendly service. Closest States McDonald's for Canadian boarder crossing shoppers."	3
12114	Not a big menu! Very surprised!	3
12115	Their food is excellent by day but mess up orders at night it seems like the best time to eat is in the morning	1
12116	It was the worst service I've ever seen it took 45 minutes to get our food chicken nuggets Egg McMuffin and two drinks	1
12117	"Very busy place, you wait for your food. The place is a mess and the staff is hardly personal."	1
12118	Very fast-paced drive-thru and fresh food	4
12119	Restaurant isn't as clean as I would prefer but food is palatable	3
12120	"Clean, always crowded. Staff is nice &  serve you with courtesy."	4
12121	It's been 3 years since I last had it but it was pretty good	3
12122	Very clean. Hot Mcdonalds food. Easy to get to off the interstate.	5
12123	"Got breakfast here , they have truck parking."	4
12124	"Was not at all impressed. Very rude!!! Clean establishment, how ever needs much improvement on customer service!!!"	1
12125	Clean and quite modern looking . Fast service and polite staff.	5
12126	I had to wait 25 minutes for a breakfast sandwich service very slow there and most of the food I've gotten from there since then has been cold	1
12127	"Just awful....remember when Mcd's was good food quality? I actually do....now, they really do suck!"	1
12128	Convenient had truck parking  nice staff	5
12129	Cold fries and burgers wrong order sandwiches put together very sloppy really needs to step up with their customer service ..	1
12130	Poor service order messed up greedy floor extra long wait no counter people	1
12131	"Very nice place to host a wedding, Christmas Party, or any kind of special event."	5
12132	Can't order the two for 5 because they aren't offering it although it's the first thing you see pulling into the drive threw.	1
12133	Waited a hour and a half in line in drive through terrible service food cold and over cooked and slow incompetent help	2
12134	"Very rude manager , waited 40 minutes for our meal to have it handed by the manager practically shoving it at me , and saying here ."	1
12135	Food was called and tasted terrible	1
12136	Only to use the restroom I don't eat garbage	1
12137	I enjoy myself because the service is always fast and fresh.	5
12138	"ok for a McDo, service was good, but you guys need to have vinegar...!"	4
12139	I like this McDonald's. It feels classy and your order is always right.	5
12140	"Very quick..
Very courteous.
Food very Hot!
Very Good!
Thanks!"	5
12141	After crossing Canadian border this is the first fast food place to go and enjoy your burger	5
12142	This is the best mcds that I have been to in the USA.  Staff and food a+.	5
12143	Constantly messing up your order! Makes you want to go somewhere else and eat.	3
12144	Worst food ever made! Like seriously are they trying to kill off people slowly!?	1
12145	Prices and specials are good and usually they give the right order.	5
12146	Very clean restaurant with nice customer service!	4
12147	"Been there forever, and it looks like it.  Don't think they have renovated in 20+ years"	3
12148	They didn't give us sweet and sour sauce and sprite tasted like mildew	1
12149	"Terrible service with drive thru ,check your bag/bags before heading out to I87"	1
12150	Slowest McDonald's ever..get these employees some help.!	1
12151	Newest but the slowest.  Fifteen minutes at the drive through to get our meal.	1
12152	"Your usual McDonald's food. No better, no worse. Could use a remodeling. Counter service slow. I don't like waiting for fast food."	3
12153	All I'm gonna say is check your order before you leave the restaurant	4
12154	"I'm w that Ezekiel guy , my double cheeseburger mad cold , these dudes even forget my fries, smh this place should be names the mcshitnalds"	1
12155	Overdone fries flat soda no taste mostly seltzer.	2
12156	They hussled and seemed to work hard	4
12157	Nicely renovated stop. Friendly staff and quick hot food!	5
12158	"It's fast food. It's not meant to be great but for what it is, it's fine."	3
12159	Waited twenty minutes at the drive through window  0 rating	1
12160	Mess up orders all the time. I'm not impressed by the service.	1
12161	Very poor service here. Takes along time get your what you order	2
12162	Ordered at Kiosk...waited and waited and waited for our food!  So much for fast food!	1
12163	Conveniently located near the border. Clean. Fresh food and fast service.	4
12164	Delivery was faster. They dont t munch till 11	2
12165	I waited my order 28min       	1
12166	Dont even bother getting chicken nuggets from McDonalds anymore they are so gross	2
12167	Champlain doing much better on drive through.  Correct orsers.	5
12168	Service is a bit slow but great place	5
12169	Line too long to order and pay! Only o e register open at noon time!	3
12170	"Great time, good food and friendly staff."	4
12171	Very slow.  Order 3 things took 20 minutes.	1
12172	Received wrong food and waited 20 minutes in drive thru line	1
12173	"I ordered at the Kiosk, and received the food very quickly."	5
12174	"Love it.
Now with 24 hour Breakfast.
need I say more."	5
12175	This McDonald's will reaffirm your opinion of McDonald's	3
12176	"The woman who took my order was rude, and rushing me."	2
12177	Food was hot and fresh	5
12178	"Ice cream cone, soda, iced coffee, everything was great! Thanks!    "	5
12179	"Super clean and efficient, everything you'd want from a mcdo"	5
12180	"Friendly,efficient service. Stop on side of I-87. Platsburgh."	5
12181	stays the same.	5
12182	"Chicken not fresh,  reheated dried out, very friendly staff"	3
12183	"Top New! Very clean ! Nice.
About time!"	5
12184	Got told I couldn't find in and everyone else was dining in	2
12185	Food is a hater Miss but usually is good	4
12186	it is good McDonald before arriving in Canada. take a rest and add gas.	5
12187	I hate eating here but when it's last minute every now and then I guess it will do	2
12188	Service was ok but place smelled like sewage.	1
12189	Fast service	4
12190	"Newer establishment with parking for about 5, 18 wheelers! Friendly staff and clean place."	5
12191	Quick clean friendly and remade my fries	3
12192	"Overpriced, bad service, and not clean. Avoid this place."	1
12193	so so... didn't liked it... found it more expensive than Canadian ones	3
12194	"Ok for fast food.the play area is extremely dirty, nothing cleaned."	3
12195	They need more people on the weekends. Very short staffed	3
12196	Fast and friendly service. Nice location.	5
12197	"Fast service, good food, great workers"	3
12198	"This McDonald's is disgusting. Leaking sealing, gross bathrooms and creepy staff. Should be avoided."	1
12199	Pay for a large iced latte for it to be half full . Really eerks me     	1
12200	"Long wait for food, not very clean inside."	2
12201	"Very clean and modern, staff was unbelievably helpful!"	5
12202	"Right off the interstate; free wifi and a drive thru too, usual Mcd fare."	4
12203	"Very Busy, but the staff was efficient and friendly"	4
12204	Average place to purchase fast food.	3
12205	Sometimes the fries are meh... That's all I get there    	3
12206	"Food was bad , we got sick , the oil was bad ."	1
12207	The new trainee and the person was very very rude and smart-assed	1
12208	Clean and friendly. Exactly what you'd want from a McDonald's.	5
12209	"Fries wss cold ,food made me got to bathroom constantly"	2
12210	"I fed my cat two of the three burgers I ordered, it later died."	1
12211	Did not receive full order. Food was cold.	3
12212	Professional staff.	5
12213	Messed up a sandwhich three times in a row. Poor service.	1
12214	"Coming home from Canada
Manager yelling at employees tables dirty. Not a good day there"	3
12215	"Fast, friendly.  Fries were cold"	3
12216	Good	4
12217	Rude employees and poor service. Never stopping here again.	1
12218	Poor service and constantly messing orders up!	3
12219	Breakfast I ordered was dry and crumbly	1
12220	Nice and we're well served.	5
12221	Not too bad for fast food	3
12222	can be very busy from tour buses in and out of Canada	5
12223	McDonald's is the only one in town that consistently makes it up when they mess up LOL	4
12224	Canada	5
12225	Good food at reasonable prices	4
12226	        	5
12227	Never gets the order right	3
12228	Very tasty. Good service.	5
12229	Prefer Burger King so I'm biased.	2
12230	"The service was ok, it wasn't bad"	4
12231	Never go here. McDonald's is so UNHEALTHY!	1
12232	"This facility is always dirty, no matter what time of the day or day of the week."	2
12233	Never get an order right. Like ever	2
12234	"Very nice, clean & friendly environment"	5
12235	Easy to order & nice people.	4
12236	Much improved. Love the coffee!	5
12237	The freshest McDonald's meal I have ever had	5
12238	"Brand new McDonalds, latest technology and super clean."	4
12239	Terrible. They forgot 1 cheeseburger and the place was a hog pen	1
12240	Food is always cold and takes forever.	2
12241	"Leg stretch, potty break and desert stop."	4
12242	First stop after the border.	5
12243	There are better ones out there	3
12244	"Can't help it, love McDonald's      "	5
12245	Good but a bit slow.	4
12246	Not even open until 11 like advrtised	1
12247	Not professional workers	3
12248	"Toilets smelled like rotting flesh, i guess its a old building"	3
12249	It's ok fast food restaurant	3
12250	Yo its mcdonalds.. Not fine dinning	3
12251	no wi fi	1
12252	"Bad service

And why they closing at 12am on a friday ?????"	1
12253	Good services. Clean place.	5
12254	Quick service and no wait	5
12255	Easy in/ easy out for trucks.	5
12256	"Right at the US /Canada border, fast service"	4
12257	Very nice with a recent facelift!	5
12258	Fail	2
12259	Stopped on the way to Canada. Keep driving or get something else	1
12260	"Good food,  fast service"	5
12261	Clean and friendly. RV parking available.	4
12262	The usual good.  Had coffee	5
12263	"Again, it is McDonald's. Convenient but not good."	1
12264	Great place and very clean	4
12265	Very dirty facilities bathroom was nasty	1
12266	Canadian mcdonalds should learn for these guys!	5
12267	Great place for junk food	5
12268	Takes forever to get your food	1
12269	Fast	5
12270	I've never been to a slower McDonald's.	2
12271	Kiosk wouldn't work	3
12272	"Clean McDonald's, just a bit slow in the drive thru"	4
12273	Slow service and mediocre food	2
12274	Excellent service! Thank you	5
12275	Good trucks parkings	5
12276	Awesome service and prices	5
12277	Friendly staff at drive through	3
12278	If you have 45 minutes To wait....	1
12279	Love those double cheeseburgerssss!!	5
12280	Nice and fresh food	5
12281	Always dirty. Mgmnt unpleasant .	1
12282	Always quick and correct	5
12283	Cost more than you'd expect	3
12284	Rude customer service....smartasses	2
12285	"Well, this is a McDonald's fast food place :)"	3
12286	Typical McDonalds.. Nothing fancy	1
12287	Prompt service friendly people	4
12288	Easier to order now.	5
12289	Great and friendly service	5
12290	Handled busload of 40 quickly	5
12291	Service and food was great	3
12292	"Just for coffee, its good enough"	5
12293	They are not 24hrs. They close at 11pm	3
12294	Very slow	2
12295	Not good	2
12296	"Good stuff , actually hot"	5
12297	Nice clean place.	5
12298	Quick place to grab a meal on the go	5
12299	"Always quick,  always good"	4
12300	Fast. Great service.	5
12301	Great parking for trucks	5
12302	"Newly updated, looks great"	5
12303	I like very yummy	2
12304	The way you have to order	1
12305	Slow service and cold food.	1
12306	Fast and friendly staff	4
12307	"Always good, big Mc"	4
12308	Great friendly service	5
12309	Clean and staff are helpful	4
12310	Great customer service	5
12311	You always know what to expect	3
12312	Nothing special except for cheap coffee	3
12313	Cold food long waits	1
12314	Nickel	5
12315	Hot food speedy delivery	4
12316	Food is getting worse by the day	3
12317	Good food	4
12318	Very slow in the evening hours	2
12319	Love iy	5
12320	"For McDonald's, it was a good one"	4
12321	Its McD's. Fast and cheap	4
12322	Good	4
12323	Just don't like McDonalds.	1
12324	Truck parking clean	5
12325	Good for a quick stop	2
12326	Good place	4
12327	Interesting creatures in this one.	1
12328	Very nice	5
12329	Not very friendly	3
12330	"Fast service, fresh food"	5
12331	Good food	4
12332	Love it want more of it	5
12333	Very good	5
12334	Fast food	5
12335	Very rude cashier	1
12336	Good  food    	5
12337	Great orange juice	5
12338	Last stop before Canada	4
12339	Nice place clesn	4
12340	Okay	4
12341	The service to mutch long	1
12342	mehh	4
12343	Nice and clean.	5
12344	It's ok	3
12345	It was a nice place	3
12346	So dirty	2
12347	I liek beesechurger	5
12348	Lousy service cold food	2
12349	"Clean, fast and practical"	4
12350	Best food ever!!!!	4
12351	avoid the lobster sandwich	3
12352	"Always there, there everywheres......"	3
12353	Such a long wait.	1
12354	Food Needs to be hotter	3
12355	Good service	4
12356	It       	3
12357	Nice and clean	5
12358	Service was awful	2
12359	brand new	5
12360	Fast and friendly!	4
12361	Good.	3
12362	Breakfast at its best!	5
12363	Good....	3
12364	Love it	5
12365	Pleasant	4
12366	Clean and fast.	3
12367	OK food	4
12368	Fast and easy	3
12369	No drive thru ?	2
12370	The coffee is delicious	5
12371	Incredibly understaffed.	2
12372	Super clean	5
12373	Great service	5
12374	Great service	5
12375	Great service	5
12376	Service was slow	4
12377	Usual McDonald's	3
12378	Quick and easy	4
12379	Great service	5
12380	                        	5
12381	Good fries!	4
12382	Its Mickey d's	4
12383	Awesome staff	5
12384	Convenient when on the go	4
12385	Great prices	4
12386	Typical McD's	4
12387	Extremly slow	2
12388	Classic fast food	2
12389	I'm loven it.	5
12390	great service	5
12391	Great food	5
12392	Curb side ordering	5
12393	Fast and cheap.	4
12394	Brand new facility	5
12395	Great people	5
12396	Clean and fast	5
12397	Very disappointed!	1
12398	Ok	3
12399	Like it!	4
12400	Goodmfood	5
12401	I love McDonald's	5
12402	Ok	2
12403	good service	5
12404	Fast and efficient	3
12405	Excellent 	5
12406	nice	5
12407	Ok	4
12408	Nice restaurant	4
12409	Nice	5
12410	Frendly staff	3
12411	Very clean....	4
12412	Nice	5
12413	"It is OK,"	3
12414	Good	4
12415	Great	5
12416	Nice people	4
12417	Guaranteed to wait.	3
12418	"Clean, friendly"	4
12419	Funny funny stuff	5
12420	Friea old..	1
12421	Bad and dirty	1
12422	Fast service	4
12423	Typical McDonalds	3
12424	the fries were	2
12425	Have to eat something.	4
12426	"Dirty, and disorganized"	1
12427	Long lines	2
12428	Clean	5
12429	Gold	4
12430	Burritos	4
12431	Yum	4
12432	Service	5
12433	Excellent 	5
12434	Excellent 	5
12435	Fast fat food	3
12436	It's McDonald's.	3
12437	A McDonald like the others	4
12438	Its Macdonald's	5
12439	Newly remolded	4
12440	A new mcdo	4
12441	It's McDonald's	3
12442	as expected	3
12443	Unorganized	2
12444	Its McDonalds.	3
12445	It's McDonald's	3
12446	It's a McDonald's	3
12447	It's McDonald's	3
12448	McDonald's is McDonald's	2
12449	"One of the best McDonalds, much better compared to almost any Macdonald in Montreal. The staff never forgets anything and ensures that the orders are in order at all times. A good McDo to stop on the way back to the United States                                   "	5
12450	"It's more than twice as expensive as McDonald's in the US.
A McMorning hash brown drink set is about $8.7."	3
12451	"Sweet break / Yummy sweet stop

Sweet break on June 10, 2018 at the t of the evening with a cone at $1.19 for me, an M&M McFlurry at $2.89 for our son and a caramel sundae at $1.59. Total of $6.12 US with tax. We enjoyed it all on the outdoor terrace. Nothing more to report.

Reviewed on June 11, 2018 in Salaberry de Valleyfield, Quebec, Canada."	3
12452	There is always good music in the bathrooms   	5
12453	Well located and clean toilet. WiFi works well. I enjoyed my visit and was able to check what posts before hitting the road again.	4
12454	"Too noisy, unfriendly staff"	2
12455	"C the best, always fresh, welcoming staff, affordable price"	5
12456	"Very impressed with the courteous and prompt service from young Sebastian at the checkout. Very nice, smiling and polite. He cares about the satisfaction of his customers. Cheer !"	5
12457	"Cheap, with free wifi"	4
12458	Really way too busy.	4
12459	"Tasty
Food but far too few staff so slow treatment"	5
12460	"Great place first place where you can make a toilet stop. For me, it's a tradition to eat McDonald's after customs and before returning to Canada. I find the lunch excellent because of the biskits. The place is clean and the staff excellent"	4
12461	Close to the canada border. US and CANADA border. rest area	5
12462	"Quick and cheerful service. The food was fine. However, the coffee tasted burnt and the canned apple juice really wasn't the best."	4
12463	"After 2 hours at customs... Nothing better than a cheeseburger that you will bitterly regret for the next 2 hours on the road.
He is in a terrible state."	2
12464	The place deserves a slight refresh. The toilets are from another era and the facilities in general are below average standards.	3
12465	Fast service. Clean restaurant.	4
12466	"No beer, sorry. Looking forward to seeing you, a good place to grab a bite to eat after crossing the border from Canada"	4
12467	"McDonald's franchise, exemplary cleanliness, no playpen. Does not participate in national promotions."	3
12468	"It's a tradition... After going through customs, fries                        "	4
12469	Good place to eat after waiting at customs. Own.	4
12470	"My child wanted to eat McDonald's, so I drove over and bought it for him. The worst impression was that while waiting there, I saw a few flies flying around in the kitchen."	2
12471	Fast service yesterday morning 7 hrs and the perfect and tasty bacon eggmcmuffin! Impressive   	5
12472	Long service and restaurant not very clean	2
12473	"Not very clean, flies in large quantities. It's worrying"	1
12474	Renovated. Decorated with ambiance. Table service! A McDo with class.	4
12475	"Nothing surprising, the same as any other McDonald's but the bathrooms are a bit insufficient and therefore somewhat dirty"	4
12476	Good coffee	3
12477	Nice clean place.	4
12478	The restaurant needs a facelift but it is still acceptable.	4
12479	Clean at all times. The employees are courteous.	5
12480	The first after the lines. He is fine.	4
12481	"Not very clean, but true to McDonalds"	2
12482	Very well located: close to customs.	4
12483	There are a lot of people ~ moving fast	4
12484	"By the way, I loved asking on the electronic blackboard."	4
12485	The service is fast and the people are nice.	4
12486	"Very bad and sweet mc muffin, (green bad)"	2
12487	consistent with what is expected of a Mc Donald	4
12488	"They show and have false advertising when they show, they do not sell what they show"	1
12489	It's not the same coffee as in Canada.  	3
12490	"What to say it's a Mcdo, very recent"	4
12491	Good service and very clean	4
12492	They mess up the orders a bit.	3
12493	+ 30 minutes to get served   	1
12494	Recently renovated .... Very good	4
12495	Very good	5
12496	Very good for the circumstances	5
12497	Very good quality price	5
12498	Very good	5
12499	Alright	4
12500	Tookos with impact na ideology	5
12501	"Been coming to this Mc Donald's every time I'm in the area never had a bad experience till today, I ordered a double quarter pounder with cheese meal, by far the Greasiest Burger I've ever had in my life nasty."	2
12502	Everytime I order from here something is always wrong. I ordered uber eats today and my fries are half gone the sauces I ordered for my nuggets not in my bag. The fries are always an issue.	1
12503	"Clean space. OK service, only downfall is there                           s missing items from the order and this has happened several times at this location . I ordered a meal and they almost forgot the drink that comes with it I had to ask for it. I got home checked the bag and no fries in the bag only the burger was in the bag                           dis"	3
12504	"Just passing thru and needed to use the restroom. Quickly realized I was not in the best part of town but could hold it no longer. A short line to order my small drink and fry, restroom is for customers, and get the code for the door. To my surprise, the restroom was stocked and clean. When I exited, I looked around and noticed how clean the rest of the area was. Maybe because so few of us dine in nowadays.  I know how hard cleanliness can be to achieve and maintain in this industry, so 5 to them. Best $5 pit stop ever, and I can not say the same for the coffee shop chain I frequent."	5
12505	"Ive gone to this location several times. And today was by far the most unpleasant visit I've had. It was just the absolute worst! I'm taking my Son to work and decide to stop and get him lunch, and as soon as I'm ordering through  the intercom , I can already tell the demeanor of the worker was comming off pretty rude.  Once. We approached the window , when I gave her my code for my McDonald's Rewards she right away got even more rude with her whole body and facial expressions and didn't want to take my code , but in a very bad mood overall. Her attitude was so unpleasant. Being a McDonald's customer for years, I Didn't appreciate her behavior , she just ruined my whole mood and day. Her manager came to explain to me the situation in a much calmer , respectful manner. I mean, thats all Griselda had to do. Employees like this need to get trained better on how to properly interact with customers. Once you're clocked in, you're clocked in and should be ready to go. Trust me. I know. I've worked in customer service for 18 years. So I hope this McDonald's location properly trains Griselda accordingly."	1
12506	My burgers were made sloppy and the service was slow..	2
12507	"Drive thru line was extremely long so I went inside. Ordered at kiosk but it didn't  print my receipt so I didn't know my order #. Waited about 15 minutes for a sausage egg mcmuffin and small OJ. Several customers were waiting inside. At one point, the only cashier at the front walked away for about 5 minutes. Customers coming in and asking for help but no one came out. Finally got my order and it was barely warm. OJ had something floating around in it but I was already running behind so I just threw it away on my way out. Never going back to this one."	3
12508	I would  Give this McDonald's 0 s if I could they don't only forget your sauces for your nuggets but they give you a Burger with a paper still on the Patty cooked with cheese on it. I bit into my Burger and I chewed it right away I tasted the paper.. Took my Burger apart and found the paper that's on the Burger Patty before it's cooked . Be more careful. People could get sick if they eat that.  It would be nice if I could get my money back for this.	1
12509	"Everytime I order from here it is something they don't have, or my food is not great, I just ordered the other day 6 chocolate chip cookies and only got 5, and they had no apple pies, and tried to give me a blue berry I don't eat blueberry I'm allergic, like I  try to give them a chance because they close to my house but I quit."	3
12510	"This location is horrible, 1, they assume you speak Spanish.
2, they made me pay e yea because they don                           t know "	1
12511	5 for excellent customer service. Ana and Alvaro were amazing and extremely patient with our order process.	5
12512	"They almost always get my order right. Not today though. Ordered McMuffins and got this instead.

Update: still getting orders wrong. Dropped it to one  because the homeless people hanging out asking for money is getting out of hand. One guy ted blocking you as you exit the drive thru to ask for change."	1
12513	At this location the service is good and the restaurant is clean	4
12514	Burger was not done feel sick ate a lot it was real soft I looked at it and saw this I                   	1
12515	good place to eat and good quality food.	5
12516	This place is slow. It takes forever to order and receive your food.	3
12517	Big Mac and fries plus a drink for 6 dollars Really good thank you McDonald's app	5
12518	The Egg sausage McMuffin is better and larger than in San Bernardino	5
12519	"I'd give it a ZERO if I could. From the time I pulled in until the time I was handed I drink through the first window, I waited 22 minutes. I finally got so frustrated because nothing that I honked my horn to get their attention. When they realize that all I had was a drink she handed it to me through the first window and I drove around the people that were still waiting. It was a horrible experience! This is definitely not a place to go if you're looking for fast food. I could have done better with a local diner.
On top of that it was the worst tasting sweet tea I had ever tasted. There was hardly any ice so it was warm, it was mostly water and the flavor was like a mixture of regular tea and watered down sweet tea.
I can honestly say this is the worst McDonald's I have ever driven through.
if you enjoyed my review, please LIKE below, and as always, have an amazing life!"	1
12520	"Would give zero s if I could. Food is always cold. Fries are never fresh. They literally tell you they are closed at 12 or 1 am,  If they don                           t want to serve you they don                           t and it "	1
12521	NICE SERVICE AND TABLES ARE CLEAN IS ALWAYS SOME ONE CLEANING IN SIDE AND OUT SIDE THAT'S REALLY GOOD  .	5
12522	Honestly best customer service from Naisha thank you   	5
12523	"On 10/04/2022, at approximately 12:55 p.m., i ordered my food through the mobile order app. I entered curbside 5. After 15 minutes of no food being delivered, I walked into the store. I spoke to a manager and she told me my food was outside. I went outside, my food was no where. I went back into the store, i asked one of the curbside deliverers if I could please have my food as my lunch break was about to expire and I was going to be late. She stated she would check on my order. However, she had time to walk out with another gentleman that works at the Mcdonalds, walk outside, and give a good bye kiss. When I finally received my order 25 minutes later (1:15 p.m.), the bread on the big mac was soggy and my fries were now stale. Last to say, I ended up throwing away half of my big mac and all of my fries. This store needs a lot of help from corporate. A few weeks ago i bought 4 deluxe breakfast's over the weekend for the family and they gave me no syrup. Luckily I had syrup at home. Anyway, it'll be the last time I ever purchase anything at this store. I should have gone to jack in the box across the street."	1
12524	They usually forget things like ketchup or sauces but today they ran out of fries. This was suppose to be large...	1
12525	"Food ios great, but the drive thru linesn are insane."	2
12526	"We placed  our order at 4:37pm, by the time we made it to pay for our order it was 5:07pm. They take their sweet time with accepting paying and giving the customer their orders. To make matters  worse our order was incorrect.  So we had to wait another 5min to get our order correct. Once we got our order our burger was EXTREMELY  sloppy! Careless job. If your employees  don't feel like working send them home. Theirs  no need to have lazy workers. Last time we come to this location!......."	1
12527	"Went through Drive Thru, in and out fast, back to my office in no time."	5
12528	Eli the manager went above and beyond for Breakfast he deserves a raise for his willingness to give the customer patience and fresh food	5
12529	"Slow service, speaker wasn't working to order.  Plus the happy meal didn't have an option between boy or girl. I have two boys and we got a girl toy."	1
12530	"Very friendly crew, coffee is great,so is their big Mac."	5
12531	"Been coming to this McDonald                           s a very long time, seen a lot of employees come and go, and the changes in the structure of the building itself. It was bad back in the day, but this crew is hands down the worst. Super slow service, and most do not know how to talk to customers. (This is to Management, your employees are pla"	1
12532	Was okay... Place is clean and the staff were nice. There was a crazy man in there making the place uncomfortable to be in. I think he threatened one of the staff members. I just got my two McChickens and then left before the cops came.	4
12533	Horrible service. young cashier had addittude. Didn't want to give me the stuff I needed the cashier was in a bad mood. When I was eating my fries I noticed a fry was really black and dirty like it had fell on the floor and they picked it back up. Nasty.	1
12534	"Stopped by drive thru, long wait, more than 15 minutes, ordered two MC rib meals, $1.50 more expensive than McDonald's on Rosecrans. Last time I stop by 120& Figueroa"	3
12535	"I just wanted iced tea and a mocha frappe. They were just what I needed. The service was seriously lacking how ever, the drive thru person was rude and seemed to not be able to understand my simple order although we were both speaking English and it seemed to be the only language that they spoke."	2
12536	Well I love filet of fish and since I haven't seen my dog in a day and a half I spoil him I got him a couple of hamburger patties can't go wrong with that the fillets were delicious Hot buns toasted caramelized perfectly tartar sauce right on the center and the cheese was lined up correctly with the filet pattie. And if you've never tried McDonald's green salsa packets give it a try they are delicious	5
12537	I feel like the food is okay but like if I had to go there every single day I would look he get tired of it and I just wouldn't like it oh that's my review on it but oh and also the people that do not listen	5
12538	I only get the same thing for McDonald's fresh fries and McDoubles are triple cheeseburger	5
12539	I spent more time waiting for my food than what it took me to eat it. 28min	1
12540	"Grand children and i pulled through drive-thru  and no one opened the pay window drove forward  like any other establishment two the payload window where I was  disrespectfully addressed. B.... made Manager come to the window and say, "" we pay at the first window around here"" and I'm like... if them lazy mofu back there get on their job, I would haven't  missed the opening. I'm business, just 'poor' management on that wing of town. I'm business,  Check your employees before you try and check the customer. And get nothing twisted I handled it better than I ever did in life."	1
12541	"Worse customer service for dinning area, they ignore you and take 5x as long as the drive thru even if yiu order on the app.....Avoid pick up or dine in......"	1
12542	"Management is terrible. They let one person handle the front counter ALONE.
Employees must hate working here and drive through is always packed. Takes an hour to get your food."	1
12543	"I asked for my order to be prepared fresh & hot and it was the opposite the fries were hard and cold. McDonald's shouldn't serve fries unless there fresh & hot. Why do we have to request our food to be fresh, it should just be fresh off the press. These fast food places kills me and there getting worse.
Their customer service skills are poor, they have language barriers. I need to protest against these fast food joints."	1
12544	"THIS MC DONALD IS THE WORSE ..IN INGLEWOOD,ALWAYS GETTING YOUR ORDER WRONG . A.VERY STINKY ATTITUDE WHEN YOU ASK FOR YOUR ORDER TO BE CORRECTED AFTER ORDERING A CARAMEL ICE COFFE WITH  SHOT OF ESPRESSO...I RECEIVED A CARAMEL FRAPPE NO SHOT.  A YOUNG LADY AT THE CASH REGISTER WHO AGREED.&.remakeb
TO
ME THROW IT AWAY  MANAGER COMES OVER TALInf  ABOUT OUT THE TRASH SHE NEEDS TO SEE IT BEFORE SHE FIX THIS MATTER...WHEN WILL THESE OWNER OF THESE MCDONALD TEACH THIER STAFF  PROPER MANAGEMENT HOW TO LEAVE THEIR PREJUDICE OUTSIDE THE WORK PLACE AND SMILE & Greet WITH PROFESS  RATHER THAN ROLLING YOUR EYE AND PLEAS EPLEASE MAKE SURE THEY CAN READ ENGLISH .....AFTER ALL ARE MONEY PAYS THIER SALARY..."	1
12545	Busy and fast paced restaurant. They do have play area for children.	4
12546	"It was an ok exp.i got to meet new people,and enjoy the company im with
As I Waite on my special other half
MY SISTER!"	4
12547	Worst Mcdonalds I've ever been to. They take forever and horrible customer service.	1
12548	"There were items on the menu they did not have, they  only 3 costumers in the lobby and it still took almost 30 mins. The people ordered before came back twice because items were left out the bag and/or order was wrong.My food was cold but I couldn't stay any longer. This is not the first time I had a bad experience at this location, I feel they need a new manager that can take care of business w/ employees, costumer service, and overall cleanliness. Lastly the young  lady that waited on me/us was very sweet and apologetic.
Thanks"	1
12549	"Cold fries, the order was wrong n missing items ."	1
12550	This location is extremely ghetto!! There is always homeless people in the drive way begging for money the staff has rude customer  service they are always crowded and the food is always sloppily put together cold or dry meaning they don                           t use enough condiments and most importantly Management don             	1
12551	They didn't want to give me sauce for my nuggets and they didn't give me all my food and I live to far to go back I called and they wouldn't answer it's a lot of high school children in there the person at the drive thru never made eye contact with me he was on his phone the whole time I was paying for my food and the guy that walked up stomach was hanging out from under his shirt I gave one  but they don't deserve any	1
12552	The mgr guess doesnt want to work. Told me that they dont open till 8am. Web and door show 7am. Going to jack across the street just got out the hospital haven't eaten since 9am yesterday.	1
12553	"This place is literally the worst mcdonalds I've had the unfortunate pleasure of eating from. They forget to add items into your bag and when you go back to tell them they apologize but do nothing about it, making your wait even longer. If I owned this mcdonalds I would definitely clean house and get somewhat competent workers."	1
12554	"What a horrible experience I had today, I came to order the spicy chicken nuggets  and also ordered a coffee with cream. The lady asked if I wanted the hot sauce for the spicy chicken nuggets and I said yeah  but, I never got the spicy sauce! My coffee had no cream in it, and it didn                           t have any of those small packages of cream "	1
12555	Pulled in drive thru at 1 50 am closing at 2 they left us there until closing time and didn't even come say they were closed. Such Aholes. We drove past all the employees sitting in the dining area chilling. Disrespectful as you know what! The ghetto shines at this dump	1
12556	"I hate to leave any fast-food spot a 1 , dont feel right but when they finally get my order right at the screen, pull up to the first window, order still wrong we finally get it right and repeats it back to me, as I pulled up to second window, order was wrong and put the blame on me. Was over it at this point. Was only trying to buy 2 cokes and 3 McDoubles, no special requests."	1
12557	Good staff weren't demanding or rude will come be coming back to this restaurant	5
12558	"Usually the lane in this location is crazy long but we thought we got lucky today because the lane was short. We placed our order and drove to the window to pay. We waited for about 3 minutes to be acknowledged. A young lady with a yellow shirt possibly a manager was facing her back to the window and she talked to the cashier. It took for me to honk in order for her to open the window to take my payment. Not once did she say anything to us. Not a greet nor an apology. Just took my credit card and gave me my receipt. I drove to the next window where another young girl was. She gave me my food and I asked her if the lady in the yellow shirt was a manager and she said yes. I then asked her for her name and she has the nerve to say "" I actually don't know her name I just got back but I'll ask"". What??? How do you not know who the manager on duty is. I left. The service was extremely poor for no reason at all. I ordered 2 happy meals and a nd chicken. I think that's an easy order. Horrible service. The manager did not look happy. As a matter of fact she seemed unhappy. She chose to work retail and chose to be a manager."	1
12559	This is a nice location to go and grab a quick meal or snack. The lines are not usually that long and the restaurant itself is usually very clean and comfortable. We often go there. I definitely recommend this location to anyone who likes McDonald's. The prices of course are also very reasonable and the turnaround time is usually very fast. Two thumbs up.	5
12560	I told her exactly what I wanted but she still somehow took the wrong order. Not only that but when I told her this is not what I asked for she said yes it is instead of just saying okay let me fix the order. The people who work here need a better attitude towards their customers.	3
12561	I didn't like my visit there my french                                      were col	2
12562	The kids like mc donald its no longer the place for me. The felo fish isnt no where the same as it was years ago. The fries also were very well liked. They are nit worth the bag they're served in.	3
12563	They have the worst service. I went there yesterday and i ordered a sausage McGriddle add cheese and bacon. They gave me a biscuit and i told them the correct order. They told me to park and we waited about 10 min and they gave us the sandwhich but it was a bacon and egg McGriddle                                     . I told them the order again. I waited another 10 minutes and like 3 people came out and asking what my order was and the manager said oh an egg McGriddle like no...where did i say anything about eggs in my sandwhich and that took more time. It took 4 people to get the order right. Not to mention the wait. And on other days i come here the drive thru wait time is 20 min to 1hr. I used to work there and it is literally the worst location and it              	1
12564	"It took about 40 minutes to get to the window to order the food.. ok... then it took another 10 or 15 to get the food. The lady was very nice, and took my order correctly... the one who served the food, is the one I have a problem  with. Ordered 2 large combos of big mac. Just to get one big mac and a fish fillet... I mean... (called to see what you can do about it, no answer) If you guys are understaffed you can hire me to do the orders CORRECTLY! Food for thought. And merry Christmas to everyone."	1
12565	"I came at 5am, when they open, and the doors were still locked. I waited 2 minutes because I saw someone walking around then called the store and she let me in. She wasn't very friendly. I gave her a good morning and a smile. I don't remember if I got a good morning back, but definitely didn't get anything close to a smile. It is opening and the place is filthy, from the floor to the tables to the restroom. Whoever closed the night before didn't even wipe the tables, so it's a bit understandable why she is irritated or whatever, but lady I'm not the one who left it like that so give me the smile you are paid to give me. It's literally your job. Plus smiling releases hormones that make you feel better. Thanks.     "	2
12566	This McDonald's is ridiculously slow. Poor customer service and they have turned fast food into extremely slow irritating food. People have been patronizing this McDonald's for decades and the service has only gotten worse. We deserve better treatment and service for our money! Stop going there until the service is improved.	1
12567	Great place for well behaved dogs...the water is not on the other hand is not very clear... plenty of paid parking	3
12568	I work there and they drop food on the floor and still serve it to you people. Half the time people don't even clean there hands often. And use old grease at times or expired veggie produce.  Sorry guys . They also treat workers like crap unless you kiss ass to them .	2
12569	One of my fries had a booger on it. Never eating here or at another McDonald    	1
12570	0-.5 if I could. 25 min wait time for my drive thru order and they didn                           t even give me the right o	1
12571	"Worst McDonald's experience I've ever had. Waited 45 for two double cheeseburgers. Nothing was done besides a annoyed ""sorry"" .Go anywhere else. It would be faster to drive to the store, go home, and cook your own burger. I will not return ."	1
12572	Horrible service. All the employees are always clueless. Came to pick up an order and the employee tells me order isn't ready so to park in the front. Waited 15 mins for another employee to come out and tell me that my order was given out already. Told him why did the other employee tell me they are still making my order and he is telling me it was given out already. Had no explanation. Made me waist 30 mins of my time.	1
12573	Never any workers. Tried to make a delivery order at 8pm and they called to say it was close but the person picking up the order said it was open and on the website also said it was open and couldn't cancel my order	1
12574	I went to get four spicy mcChicken with a happy meal and two mcRibs combo. I bought three drinks and they forgot to give me my happy meal and forgot the straws for my drinks. The bread for the mcChickens were Nasty. I understand is very busy but please pay more attention to the food and the service. We pay to eat fresh food not nasty breads. My friends and I went to the beach to have our meals and We couldn't enjoy our drinks because no straws. PLEASE PUT MORE ATTENTION!!!	2
12575	Great place to eat..	4
12576	This place needs a whole remodeling. The burger was rubbery and the out side was beyond filthy. My first tax paying J.O.B was McDonald's and I love giving positive feedback. The only positive energy was the lady who handed me my food.	2
12577	They've completely missed my order a few times and I've waited there for around an hour and a half once for my order. I had gone the other day to get a burger and found a hair in it while I was eating it. I think they dropped the burger on the ground or something before giving it to me	1
12578	I feel like they didn                           t cook the fries all the way done !!! And the wait was about 20mins in the drive throw!!! And my bread for the burger taste old ! Like they cooked it this morning or something!!!!       	1
12579	Very good	5
12580	"Slow service because there is few people working there at 8 in the morning. Janitor was nice to let us into the restrooms that require a keycode. It was mostly empty in the dining area, the line and the parking lot. There was however a very long drive-thru line."	4
12581	The shift leader was a sweet heart  she delivered my food right on my tablet .. which I know they don't give that type of service but I really did appreciate it. . good job honey.  Keep up the great work	5
12582	They get your order wrong 9 out of 10 times I go there..the always missing items. They also give you cold food...	1
12583	"The service was very poor. I order 5 deluxe, 3 coffees, 2 orange juices and 2 extra sauges and from that order we didn't got the coffee stirrups no forks no straws no ketup no syrup for pancakes and no extra sauces that I paid for. we had to go ask them for everything we need it."	2
12584	Just ok. Service was very unorganized my order was messed up. The fries were burnt. Honestly it could've been better. The staff was overall and apologized before correcting the order. Just a basic mc Donald's if you're going through the drive thru make sure you double check the bag before driving away.	3
12585	"Used by 5:23 a.m. but they're still selling it at 7:29 am

NOT GOOD"	1
12586	"Went there this morning around 0540 in the morning and the lady in drive thru  was extremely rude, had a nasty attitude n was frowning when i pull up to the window i honestly wanted to just leave n forget the order but is not the restaurants fault ... its ur employee she didn't give me a receipt.  She walked away b4 i asked for condiments i had 3 deluxe b fast n she didn't gave me no syrup  she gave me 2 ketchups . Her service was poor. I honestly didnt trust my food but i had to eat it."	1
12587	"Terrible Terrible quality of food and customer service. I have been living in this area for over 30 years, and have noticed the deterioration of this establishment."	1
12588	It's a bad one go down the road to the next one.	1
12589	This is by far the worst store in McDonald's. No one knows what is going on and the woman thatbwas iin charge had no clue what was going on. Sadly we will never chose this McDonald's again. We waited for 45 min for a 20 piece chicken nugget. Sorry to the very nice cashier who did everything she could but had no help from her coworkers or boss.	1
12590	Yesterday was very bad the food was cold and hard and the service wasn't great either no napkins no utensils in the bag I was running late to work if not I would gone back and return everything	1
12591	Great experience when I asked for more condiments twice other times some people get a bothered face x9 breath in breath out is my advice on that x)	4
12592	They always messing up orders and my quarter pounder was ridiculous	1
12593	"(FRAUD ALERT                                     ) On Saturday night I went through the drive thru, I payed with my credit card and the employee                            accidentally                            fo"	1
12594	"Something is weird in this mcdonalds it feels like they steel your money , you order three items and when you're going to the window they come up that only they only charge you two items and the price is is weird, hi sweet Jess that at corporation Manor or something should do something or investigate something in the McDonald's because they will charge you a lot of money and give you a little items I don't know cuz we're in the food is not 100% quality is always old also the personal they always give you attitude like I mean they always give you attitude when you're trying to get something or if when they get wrong and you ask him to give you what you order they give you attitude right away."	1
12595	Terrible service! My order was completely wrong but on my receipt it was right like how hard was to check the items your throwing together smh makes you upset	1
12596	"They always get my order wrong, make you wait for the item in the parking lot and never come out. One of male employees said it wasn                "	1
12597	"Make sure to check that got your order because they are always either missing my burgers, fries, or sauces. Not sure how when all they have to do is read the screen."	1
12598	"Daughter wanted the Travis Scott burger. She says it's a hit or miss with her friends. I ordered the newly freeze drink which gave me an adult ""brain freeze"" and it wasn't as sweet like the Icee back in the day. I wouldn't order it again."	4
12599	Bro it was very badd service! It took 10-12 minutes in the drive thru just sitting for an order of 1 large iced tea And minute maid freezy	1
12600	"I usually order McDonalds through the drive thru, but the line was very long so I decided to order inside since there was no line. Now I see why everyone orders at the drive thru.

It smelled really bad inside (like a restroom) and the ceiling was leaking behind the food service line which makes me question the quality of the food. On top of that there were homeless people lingering around. One asked me for money TWICE. Once before I ordered and once afterwards. The cashier also didn't know what she was doing, she kept asking the manager for help making service slow.

I would not recommend this McDonalds AT ALL."	1
12601	It took 30 minutes to get my food the frys where cold so I had them make me some more which took extra time. I do not recommend stopping at this McDonalds for any reason. They also didn't have all the ingredients for my sandwich	1
12602	"Long drive through, but always worth that unique McDonald's taste.  The Filet O Fish with the humongous glob of tartar sauce that slides out (NO matter how hard you try) all over your shirt while you're driving.  One of my favorites.   As a favorite,  I feel I shouldn't have to--wait for for it...."	4
12603	"Do not go to this Mc Donald's!!! It took over 20mins to get my food! I went to use the rest room with my kids and there is a homeless man washing his underwear in the sink! Then as we were looking for a table, there were people sleeping in the seats! The place was dirty, but the workers were nice. Over-all I would recommend the you pass this eatery by!! And confronted by gang members as I was leaving with my kids!!"	1
12604	Today i ordered two mcmuffin meal i asked for my sandwiches to be Specifically made a certain way I order my food pull up to the window she tells me to park out front and they will bring my order i waited outside for 15 minutes just for them to bring my drink the girl was sooo confused i asked her where is the food she said you didn                           t get it i said no i gave her my receipt then she had the nerve to look in my car as if i was lying took another ten minutes to get my order i get home and my order was incorrect i spent 16.50 on extras on my sandwich that i didn    	1
12605	"The worst service ever. Ordered 2 kids meal and 20 piece chicken nuggets and 6 piece chicken tenders. I ordered 2  barbecue honey mud ketchup and ranch for my meals . All i got when i got home 1 block away was 2 honey mud that i though i was asking as extra , nothing else not even ketchup !!!!!! Happened before but this really pissed me off!!!!!!"	1
12606	Wait time is too long and ordered french fries n it was cold	4
12607	Great service when you specify your order clearly to the employees.	5
12608	The food here has to be the worst I ever had. My big mac tasted like it was a Day old and the buns were hard as a brick. I didn't even try to ask for another one I just threw it away. Terrible.	1
12609	"Unacceptable, I ordered 2 Kids Meal from the drive thru from this location I didn't get the Nuggets for both kids meals, I went into the restaurant to speak with an employer they refused to replace my the missing items. my kids were unhappy. Having to pay and not receiving your complete order especially the main meal is unsatisfactory... Never coming to this Mc Donald's"	1
12610	Orders are being handed out not in sequence the cashier was excellent but the assistant in the light blue shirt who did not have a name badge and wouldn't write down her name for me was not the nicest person for your establishment if it was up to me and I knew she was going to be there I would not show up to your establishment ther just letting you know but your cashier was very good in taking orders the handout you need a lot of help there thank you and have a blessed day	1
12611	I had excellent customer service and got my mc griddle hot and tasty.  Great food and people	5
12612	"drive thru is hell!!!! if you are thinking to go thru the drive thru... are you willing to spend 15-20 min?!?!? hell to the no! not just the drive thru is the issue but the fries is burnt and stiff, the coke is FLAT! also make sure to have cash because they will surprise you ""at the moment we are not accepting card payment"" pretty much thats my experience here..."	1
12613	"This place is the worse!!! I went in @ 10:24 and just getting out 11:07 just for 3ausage Mcgriddles , 2 hash browns, and a large orange juice and the young cashier left and went and stood outside for a bit then came back in,, the floors are nasty, the ppl have attitude, the drive thru is always crowded overflow into the traffic, ,,,, I have to void this place and move to a peaceful place in the morning for breakfast, ,,you suck McDonald's WHY!!!!"	1
12614	Don't ever come though the drive through. It takes so long to get your food. I'm waiting 30 mins and I can't even get out of here. I'm stuck in between cars. Please avoid this place and drive another 10 mins to the next McDonald's. Trust me it'll be a lot faster than ordering food here.	1
12615	"Don't really appreciate this part of town... But, when I crave McDonald's. I drive 21 miles one way, because they serve the best big Macs I've had. It truly is delicious."	5
12616	Even with 2 lines for drive thru takes to long. I was on line around 20 to 30 minutes	3
12617	This location is much better since they got dual drive thru lanes; it's much faster and efficient now. Sidenote: they never have salads!	4
12618	McDonalds aint been the same since the end of 2011 when I noticed they went down hill and continue to slide to the bottom. Only people born in the 90's on back know how McDonlds use to be. They food is garbage. All fake and tasteless	1
12619	"Slow service, bad area after hours, not very safe to eat in, recommend drive through. the food is consistent for the most part. the staff is ok but can be better. getting in and out can be cumbersome. not the best place for a date or families. It's ideal for a quick stop and go only."	2
12620	"Slowest service ever. Order was cold and incomplete. Oatmeal was just a mush with the fruits separate. Pancakes had no butter or syrup. The eggs in the sandwich was burnt and cheese was not even melted. HORRIBLE, AVOID THIS LOCATION."	1
12621	"I didn't get my drink and who ever took my order!,, You're welcome . Be aware always double check      "	1
12622	"The place was great, the person at the drive thru was so nice."	4
12623	The worst McDonald's experience of my life they seemed confused and unprofessional they didn't know how long my order would take yet they where serving people after me they ordered and got their food then left meanwhile I waited 20minuits and had to leave without the food because every time I asked how long they ignored me and walked away without any answers would not recommend to anyone.	1
12624	"Very bad service, Employees were so rude not only to me but to others. They had 5 workers 1 lady in the back cooking 1 young girl taking orders and 3 workers on one phone laughing. When my daughter finally got her meal her food was literally just toss to her."	1
12625	"Although the two drive thru lines were pretty long when I got there,  the service was very fast and accurate."	4
12626	"A nice new remodel , could use more staff ,a little slow"	5
12627	Always a disappointment. Asked for fresh hot fries they were not fresh but somehow I had to pull over and wait for an ice coffee because they had to get the milk.They took so long I asked for money back!!	1
12628	Wow only if this had a negative scale index because I would've given this particular McDonald's a negative -5 for the service and upkeep.. The food was cold and they had around 3 people passed out and drooling on the table 1 in the restroom some lady which my daughter could not use the restroom fire the entire visit.. Any ways this place needs help	1
12629	"worst speed  and service, waiting more than half hour for a order, don      "	1
12630	"This is the only McDonald's that is close to my house, but honestly I don't really like it... For some reason they are always slow. The drive-thru is always packed."	4
12631	I ordered an eminem mcflurry and so they charged me. After they charged me I waited 10 mins just so someone can come and tell me that they didnt have mcflurry. Like why tf would you charge me and make me wait?	1
12632	"I wouldn't recommend McDonalds food to anyone for what should be obvious reasons . Stopping there was not my idea. Although, charging only a BUCK for a large soft drink was avery, very, very SMART move.  I'm sure millions go in to purchase a pop/soda & end up spending maybe on average say $5.00"	1
12633	"It was the worst! I ordered my food from the machine I paid at 1:31pm at 2:00 i was just getting my food and i was quite upset everyone there was upset once i spoke to the manager she was no help they only had one person making the food, and from where I was standing they were only giving the food to the drive through customer.

So I received my food and the fries were cold and I ask for fresh food, so they took the cold fries and I waited again when CDC the manage gave me a new bag I thought the order was correct I made it to my car and I went to eat some of my fries and it was a small fries and it had a toy in the bag, so now I am so mad I just drove off and I called and let them know and the lady that answered she told lj e to bring my recipe and they would take care of it. DONT GO TO THE MAC DONALD ON CENTERY AND FIG THE WORST SERVICE. THE MADE MECRATE I DID NOT WANT TO GIVE THEM A  BUT IT WOULD NOT LET ME POST WITHOUT GIVENVTHEM ONE ."	1
12634	Wrong order... waited on the drive through 20 minutes and another 30 wait g on my order.. like 15 other people were there also complaining about they're order ... never going there again..	1
12635	Their food was good and they had something for my birthday	5
12636	McDonald's can go away have you had the big mc with the small as patty its all to oneside and the other side is all buns get home and those skinny fries are hard and cold mc donalds will never get my money ever again that's just me.	1
12637	"Nasty bland no flavor, meat undercooked no salt on fries.  No shakes no ice cream. Morning staff gave me muffin with no patty.this location needs help. And or new staff. Management is doing. Poor job."	1
12638	Very slow and not friendly or customer service oriented	1
12639	"It was the worst experience, they didnt have anymore fries, took a long time to take orders, no sauce inside the bag"	1
12640	"We were out and about and we stopped to pick up some refreshments. The service was excellent, and the place was clean and well-kept... I would highly recommend it."	5
12641	Clean and modern inside.	4
12642	They have great service and are fast at handing out fresh and hot food. They are also really good at solving issues to assure customers get the best service.	5
12643	"It was very clean inside. The service was friendly, fast and helpful. The food was fresh and tasted good. My order was correct when I received it."	5
12644	This place is super slow at the drive thru i was in that line for 50 min to get a simple happy meal for my kid this is not part of a fast food restaurant with that kind of time	1
12645	Always is a long waiting time I expend 37 minutes in the drive thru only for one happy meal don't visit this McDonald's unless you like to wait more then 30 minutes.	1
12646	"Latoya was so awesome, she was patient to walk me through how to use the app"	5
12647	Service was fast and good. The line was long at drive-thru but not much u can do about it	5
12648	More than 20 minutes for fast food and we kept getting skipped. Management needs to improve. Drive through workers are extremely rude.	1
12649	My food was cold and very messy my drinks were watered down with no ice and because of the pain didn't make the diner is not open so you have to go through the drive-thru and the drive-thru is so crowded you don't want to get back in line is very disappointed makes me not want to go back to that McDonald's again	1
12650	"I Just wish , When I asked for ten Sugars , I can get 10 sugars in my coffee, one day it tastes like I ain't have none then the next that tastes like they put too much now I can seriously say when I go to McDonalds they put 10 sugars it tastes just right"	3
12651	Unfortunately food was cold and was missing a lot of things	2
12652	I know it's fast food but can the coffee not be so damn watered down I should have asked for a water cup in that case . My ice coffee was nothing but water with sugar. Waste	1
12653	"Very slow compared to other McDonald's. Very cheap. Ran out of coke, no box for my happy meal, 3 different crack heads came up to me begging."	2
12654	They remodeled this McDonald's and they tried but the neighborhood in the area is just to get all. The staff tries its best but the people who live in the area just trash this McDonald's so bad. Everytime I go there I never dine-in I take my food to go it's so bad in there.	3
12655	"Mc donals its ok but the inside omg !
Crazy people
sleeping , screaming , it stinks like hobos theres blankets in the chairs and bikes everywere including the restrooms
And  hallways  its loud with diferent music and there always someone screamin to each other inside not save enviroment for kids or teens."	1
12656	They use freeze tactics to keep the homeless out but forget about the paying customers. WAY TO COLD to eat here and i prefer 70 and below temp.	1
12657	You can't go wrong right. Cheap good food. Those fried. Chocolate Sunday. Big Mac. Double Quarter Pounder. In a rush. Use the mobile pickup. Order ahead of time and go to drop off.	5
12658	I love McDonald's this place is so professional and you always get top grade food	5
12659	The worst costumer service ever on the drive thru cxs have to wait up to 1/2hr or more its been like that always and the general mngr never does anything about it always long lines and to top it of bad CX service specially by a Lady that most of the times takes orders in the 3 yrs I've known this place the only thing that has change is the decor nothing else.	3
12660	"I have never been to slower McDonald                           s in my life ! All the staff sit back and gossip while we wait about 20 min for just one burger...
If yo"	1
12661	Very nice staff. They just forgot our order.	3
12662	This is the most slowest McDonald's ever and how do you advertise eating around the world or whatever it's called and have a ice cream that looks very good but can't try it cause the ice cream machine is forever broken just false advertising and poor time management	1
12663	"I typically buy drinks only from McD's.  The app allows me to get a lot of deals if I decide buy food. However, I wish the quality of the food was healthier."	3
12664	The drive-through is so slow. Went at night and saw that the line was long but I figured it'll be moving. . . Nope. I was third to last and was in the same spot for like 15mins. It was ridiculous. I ended up backing up and leaving.	1
12665	Come here several times and some people here being having an attitude and just very slow service	1
12666	Last time I got my kid a happy meal with 6 peice chicken nuggets and when I got home my kid said cookie they placed a cookie inside the box of chicken nuggets didn't go back and complain because I thought it was funny but this place needs help ..so slow	1
12667	It seems like Uber Eat Is Way More Important Than The Actual Customer's. Thay Are Standing In Line Waiting To Be Helped..	1
12668	"Thai McDonalds is disgusting. The bathrooms were horrific, with no toilet paper in the stalls (not even a toilet paper dispenser). And filthy tables. Additionally, there were individuals loitering outside cat-calling people walking by. Avoid if possible."	1
12669	One of the worst McDonald's restaurants  that i ever visited.the air conditioning doesnt work. The service was poor only 1 attendant working the cash register and the line was filled with angry customers who grew inpatient with the workers who worked for that McDonald's	1
12670	It's always crowded and the food quality gets lost I rather wait than have food that's not nowhere near good	3
12671	Is a good place gor Take a moment to relax	5
12672	Really dirty but the employees are very nice.	3
12673	Never Ever Go to that Mc Donalds or any other Mc Donalds.  They Are Horrible.  Go to Farmer Boys 2 miles down the Road. Youll Much Happier	1
12674	"Worst customer service ever , ugliest attitudes ever , what a disappointment and disgust"	1
12675	This McDonald is horrible. I bought a quarter pounder with cheese and the meat was not cooked. I went back the next day for breakfast a sausage mcmuffin with egg. The top was the mcmuffin top and the bottom was a bisquit.	3
12676	Damn good coffee! Can't digest 2 for $4.00 sausage and egg on English Muffin. Too much old grease on sausge and egg!	3
12677	This McDonald's is one of the worst McDonald's I have ever been to in my whole life and I've been to a lot the food was cold no sweet tea ever and they take forever and worst of all they don't even care how anyone feels about anything I think this place should be torn down	1
12678	I will give it more s but they're. slow on the drive thru and if i don't ask for any ketchup or any sauce i won't get any	3
12679	I JUST SPENT 30 mins IN THE DRIVE THRU. THE LADY AT THE WINDOW HAD PRACTICALLY NO EXPERIENCE AND SOMEONE ELSE TOOK OVER FOR HER AFTER 20 MINS OF WAITING FOR HER TO TAKE MY ORDER.	1
12680	"Currently it's drive-thru only and this is the second time that they forget items on my order. This time I decided to return to get my full meal as ordered. Unfortunately, I found that this would cost me more in time and frustration. I need a new franchise close to me..."	2
12681	I considered 3 for the food temperature (hot)but giving I waited 26 mn in line  I was not accepting anything less. I'm not sure of the cause but clearly this location needs a time assessment!	2
12682	Bad service	3
12683	"I really dont like coming to this mcdonals bt cause is close to my house i always end up going there..I figure if I                           m spending gas & time to go else were minus well spend time waiting there ..
this mcdonalds is the worse, the fact that t"	1
12684	One of the worst McDonald's I've been to. Bathrooms locked and looked trashed. Food was hot but drink seemed like it was sitting around before given to us.	1
12685	They closed the drive thru early and would not take my order made me sit in the line for 15 mins before speaking and telling me there closed at 1:55	1
12686	"Went for a pick up and took over 20 minutes to get the food, Three other customers got there after me and got their food before me."	2
12687	Order #2 breakfast combo I get to my job site and noticed hash brown was missing don         	1
12688	It quick fast and easy didn't have no issues with the food I ordered	5
12689	"It's clean but a transit hub for the ""transit people"" . I took the bus there myself hahaha, but I'd like to imagine I'm not ugly."	4
12690	Place says it closes at 2am instead they block the window with cones 5min prior... unacceptable open to close is just that. Management here needs to be evaluated	1
12691	Sits on a street known for heavy prostitution. Drug addicts hang around the parking lot and shopping center. The cashiers are excellent. They have security on hand. The food is terrible though.	3
12692	"Drive-thru line looked long, but moved really quickly, my order was even ready at the first window!"	5
12693	"Got home and half my order wasn't in the bag, the peppermint ice coffee tasted like it came off a lunch truck, always check your bag..!!"	1
12694	Horrible service not only did I get the wrong order it took a long time to correct it and she put my cream and sugar inside my coffee when I asked for it out	1
12695	"Fries were cold, service ok, the kiosk machine wasn't working right, this place needs a change in it been like this for a long time.... Better service and fresher food..."	2
12696	I'd it wasn't for homeless person resting inside would be very good.	3
12697	"This is the worst McDonald in food quality
My drive thru experience was awful.  Missing items,  no ketchup even though I asked for it. Anyway  ... Not a location to visit again."	1
12698	It was cool but the bathroom was nasty!!	5
12699	"Very slow restaurant
15 min for a happy meal i though this was a fast food restaurant"	1
12700	I had Order sweet tea with no ice with lemon when i got my order the tea unsweet with ice and no lemon employees was lack on my order	1
12701	The drink is not full!! No matter is light ice	1
12702	"Bad service sweet tea was not sweet, food was cold, but except for French fries they were popin hot and just they right amount of salt"	5
12703	Went through the drive thru food wasn't ready when I got to the window had to pull around and wait for half my order.. while waiting the other half got cold	3
12704	GET THE APP AND SAVE COOL OFF BY GETTING ICE CREAM CONE OR ICE COFFEE	5
12705	"This MCD is always missing some of your food, and or condiments why ask what sauce do you want if the morons at the window don't give em' to you. But they want a raise right?"	1
12706	Stopped n 4 breakfast sandwiches  &  coffee (horrible)	4
12707	"Slowest McDonald's we've been to. They're usually so fast, so we decided to stop here when in a hurry. This one was very slow"	2
12708	"This particular location has a narrow drive thru which is connected to the parking lot. Service is nice, but it closes at 12am whxih sucks    "	4
12709	"Customer service and the attitudes they have with customers needs work. Great food,  slow workers but other than that great atmosphere."	3
12710	The service is great especially if you pre-order via the app. The place is kept clean	5
12711	Never ordered food here. We usually stop by to order the kids meals toys. It's usually during Thier busy periods. Staff is friendly though.	3
12712	Mc Donald's has a contract with Uber to give all drivers free coffee this one does not.	1
12713	I ordered a unsweetened black tea. I was told to wait outside for my tea meanwhile it brewed... I waited well over 10min nearly 15min in the hot sun and got tired of waiting and drove home.	1
12714	Came in early in the morning service Wells fast and courteous food was fine it was hot and everything is cooked perfect	5
12715	It                           s always packed. Driv	1
12716	Love the food but they take a bit too much in the drive thru	1
12717	"They always take a long time at this location.  I have to come here because it's the closest to my house and it needs to be warm for my kid, otherwise I would go somewhere else!"	1
12718	Their food is pretty standard for McDonalds. The employees are friendly. The service is consistently slow.	3
12719	Good place to eat and chill! Has Wi-Fi	5
12720	Took too long and did not give me all of items	2
12721	Hot cakes and sausage plate	4
12722	"Horrible aggressive customers, I feel bad for the employees. Long lines inside and out. Efficient employees at the time I went."	2
12723	"I don't care for this place, But my daughter love it"	3
12724	"Thee worst! Ice tea is horrible,  customer service is horrible,  and so nasty, no matter how many chances you give them,  you still get disappointed. Everytime"	1
12725	Adequate seating when I ate there pre-covid...haven't been there since 2018!	5
12726	Was in line for 15 minutes did my order was wrong	2
12727	"Only 5 cars ahead and we waited at the drive thru over 25 minutes before we gave up. And after all that time, there were still 2 cars ahead of us!!"	1
12728	Takes to long to get one cup of coffee in the morning I drive to a McDonald's 4 miles over just because they know time is money   	1
12729	"Tooooo slow, rudeness, not a scence of customer service, restrooms are horrible and the wait is over 30 minutes."	1
12730	It's okay for a quick bite but after 1am they only serve breakfast or at least that's what they told me at the one on Imperial and Figueroa	3
12731	"Slow service on the Drive thru, 21 min. Waiting time, just one car ahead of me, at 11pm. Why?"	3
12732	McDonald's is so much better this days you can place your order and pay for it without waiting in line....   	4
12733	Very unsatisfied the line was long moving very slowly they only had one window open so the same person that was charging was bagging the food and when I got home I was missing two items	1
12734	As good as McDonald's can be but at 1:30 in the afternoon it took way too long to get through the drive through line.	5
12735	"Waited 30 whole ass min for a drink , way to crowded . managers give attitude . people working slow , lines always be long because cashiers aleays leaving the register .. Bad service"	1
12736	Worst Mcdonalds I have ever been to. Really rude employees and they take FOREVER for the simplest happymeal order.	1
12737	Literally asked the cashier to make sure my fries had salt when I placed my order.... got my order and you guessed it... fries were saltless	1
12738	Took 20 mins to get through drive through and food was cold. Not the best	1
12739	"Didn't have all menu items, fries weren't freshly cooked. Service remarkably slow."	1
12740	Easy to get in and out.	5
12741	"Drive thru is the worst!!!
Sitting here for ten minutes an have not moved
Saturday at 1:50pm 8/25/18

Five cars in front of me, if I could I would leave!

Never again"	1
12742	Crowded and service not very good. They gave me the wrong drink and no ketchup for my fries	2
12743	I been to this McDonald's twice the first time they wer kinda slow but I like the nice peaceful clean environment looks freshly remodeled	4
12744	Dining was closed service was real slow with two lanes	3
12745	They originally messed up my order but I came back and let them know it was unacceptable and they gladly replace my order and gave me a free oreo Shake	5
12746	took a little long in the drive thru but i understand we going thru a epidemic	5
12747	"#1 large size with a Coke, 6 piece nuggets with 2weet/sour and 1 hot mud!    "	4
12748	Inexpensive food on the go. Wish they have a faster time of service.	4
12749	Walk up options love it most places right now is just drive thru	5
12750	Drive thru take 30 or more minutes.  Waiting inside take to long to get your food. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone that in a rush...	1
12751	Kim makes sure You feel really Welcome. Our kids simply love her.	5
12752	WAITED 45 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD AND WHEN I FINALLY GET MY FOOD THE FRIES ARE OLD AND THE PATTIES ARE STILL FROZEN . BTW THERE WAS A HOMELESS SLEEPING RIGHT NEXT TO ME  NEVER GOING TO THIS MC DONALDS AGAIN	1
12753	Very slow 20 min in the drive through and haven't gotten my food yet.	1
12754	I eat a Sunday with caramel at this location regularly. I also order hot chocolate there on some early mornings. Yum.	5
12755	I like the service and the food was really good and hot	5
12756	The cashier was extremely patient when I allowed my son to order his own meal.	4
12757	Excellent fast makes Served quick Taste great thank you have an excellent day .   	5
12758	"Tajanay i think thats how you spell her name, she is about the only one that shows respect when coming thru the drive thru, no attitude or anything   "	1
12759	The food was good..but the service was lousy it took almost a half hour just to receive my order which was only a burger fries and drink	2
12760	The worst I went to this location last night to get some chicken nuggets and fries they had mine food just sitting while waiting for another person in front of me by the time I got my notice they were hard cold couldn't even eat them I'll never go to this McDonald's again	1
12761	They were very slow and it took me 20 min to get my food in the drive threw and they ain't prepared and on top of there orders they slack off (bad review)	1
12762	It was awful the service sucked I spent 20 minutes trying to get a McFlurry Harbor Place if you're in a hurry three people came after me and left way before me	1
12763	Mc double with mac sauce is the bizz with a large sweet tea! oh yessss my fav. slow servie but fresh food	5
12764	Disgusting food.  McDonalds is horrible these days.  Food prepared like it was thrown  together by animals..  ZERO S	1
12765	Great services food was fresh	5
12766	The drive thru is ALWAYS Long and takes 4ever. REMODELED BUT STILL SLOW INSIDE AND OUT	3
12767	i dnt really eat out..but i went there very good on the crispy chicken burger..very nice workers.	4
12768	They are very very ghetto...they take 4ever to do orders too....no kind of customer service...need to have customer training service...too many youngsters....orders are always a mess up...need to be aware of folks coming up to your car asking for change...service is slow inside too....	1
12769	Slowest drive thru ever never will i come to this mofo take 30 mins for what.....	1
12770	Poor service. Need new management and workers	1
12771	Drive thru always packed but they have great customer service.	4
12772	Ordered a quarter pounder and got a fish fillet instead smh messed up my order	1
12773	Good food fast and fresh and friendly attitude	3
12774	The food is good but sometimes they do not complete our food	4
12775	It took just a little while longer to get my food ready but overall it's okay.	3
12776	"Drivethru is usually packed, but moves at a decent pace. Food is usually hot &     "	4
12777	Waited for 25 minutes for a cup of coffee after telling the manager about my order she didn't know about and she was taking orders bad customer service don't stop here.	1
12778	Service was extremely slow  and order was incorrect.  Employee that gave me the order was very nice and corrected the order.	2
12779	They have the best sausage McMuffin with egg and I love the deluxe breakfast	5
12780	It was a very good interview with Eric. I will be excited to work there if hired.      	5
12781	They need to learn how to treat people better talk to people better hire better team members and managers.	1
12782	It wsas a bad service for a breakfast just waiting for 10minutes in line to order	1
12783	Busy place. Love the customer service the managers could help the crew sometime	3
12784	"Love McDonalds.  Especially the sandwiches with bacon.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Very polite. Efficient."	5
12785	Quick service and got order right. Customer service can improve.	4
12786	"Lady at the drive thru made a mistake and we talked to her we we're courteous, and she mad dogged and had an attitude."	1
12787	Service sucks and they take forever for preped food	1
12788	Probably the most unprofessional staff ever. They tried to justify they close early by multiple  reasons and      	1
12789	It's ok but the speaker doesn't work so good !	3
12790	"Where service ever Will not go back there again bed service lazy workers S on scent that songs imperium figoroa and. On figoroa,"	1
12791	If I could give zero s I would I                           ve been living here for the past year and service hasn      	1
12792	It always smell never clean take long time to complete my oreder and  the people there never smile and talk very low	1
12793	"This place is pathetic. We tried to get a late night meal but apparently it stops at 12am. As we tried to order some other drinks, and they claim that the soda machine is down. Epic fail."	1
12794	Slowest drive thru ever longest lines they need faster workers	1
12795	They have a terrible set up there with their drive-thru. A very long wait.	3
12796	"Terrible, slow drive through, Horrible service. It might not be the worst,..  but its close."	1
12797	The worst customer service ever never get order right they get annoyed when you are trying to see what you want your push to make an order with having the time to decided awful	1
12798	Its Mac Donalds great for kids not so  much adults had my stomach tumbling all night.	3
12799	It's fine but I have to wait for my food a little longer	4
12800	For fast food it was slow and really not clean like trash	1
12801	It took 50 minutes to receive my order dining in. There was no organization and to top it all off the food with cold what a waste of $27 sorry Ronald maybe next time	1
12802	Love their coffee! I roam throughout LA and it's Worst one in the city as far as service.	1
12803	Service was great during my visit. Food was fresh.	5
12804	Man...  most of the time this place this place it's slow...   not as efficient as other mc Donald's I've visited	1
12805	Everybody in the restaurant does not know how to add or subtract. I hate this place! Negative -0 s	1
12806	Good place..... Nice food ... I have to say a 4 will do	4
12807	Crappy service.  Couldn't get anything right about a simple order. And false advertising on the time frame or deals. DONT GO HERE.	1
12808	This mcdonald is horrible. Bad costumer service through drive thrue . i do not recommend this mcdonald to anyone . I hate this mcdonald and will always hate it . Kay  .kay	2
12809	McDonald's is a place where it's hard to get what I want the way I want it without having to wait extra time. The problem is that they put onions on everything.	2
12810	Dude literally we ate raw meat once we took a bite !!       	1
12811	"Person that took my order cashier, she was very nice. McDonald's on Long Beach and Imperial."	3
12812	It seem like every one was on some type of drug jus didn't seem like they zombies	1
12813	They built a new line much faster who is jackniff?	4
12814	Ordered a meal the only thing that was bad was a fries there were hard felt like I was chewing on rocks never get fries here especially at night time	2
12815	They left us waiting for over 30 minutes	1
12816	"""Wow! (The ""WOW EXPERIENCE""(c)by Professor Bobby Chalk It's sooogood!"	5
12817	"Too long at the drive through line, it was more than 30minutes, I got really mad..."	1
12818	I like this location. Great staff good service	4
12819	"I ordered fish falete ,small fries , and two sausage and egg biscuit . And they forgot my small fries"	1
12820	This Mcdonalds always takes a long time. Their managers are always rude as well.	1
12821	Didn't have any more packs of peanuts for the sundaes... Disappointing and this is at 7 pm!	2
12822	Management need more training they dont know how to direct their employees	1
12823	One of the best mc donalds ive been to in awhile.	5
12824	Waiting time is long	2
12825	The drive thru has a very slow service even when there is no line	2
12826	F***** up service the night crew always runs out of whatever u need something is always missing as a matter of fact I went and complained and the girl at the window got mad after I told her I was missing half my order.	1
12827	"Some of the vacuums do not have good suction, too many tape ""repairs"" on them."	3
12828	"Rude service, inconsiderate, unprofessional,"	1
12829	Im not sure if its this mcdonalds but lately alit of mcdonalds havent been having dr.pepper	4
12830	"The service is given correctly, but the floors are sticky on many play grounds"	4
12831	Really bad ugly services	1
12832	"Very disappointed, no pankes for breakfast, no hot sauce, manager very rude I forgot her name"	1
12833	Good good ! Love love Mcdonald's French fries & Mocha Hot coffee	5
12834	Transient beggar IN THE DRIVE THRU HASSELING PATRONS and no staff did anything about it. Worst experience ever	1
12835	quick fast and safe personal had on gloves and face mask	5
12836	A much needed effort in prompt customer service and cleanliness.	1
12837	Eggs always smell rotton but the hot cakes                      	5
12838	I love there Mc flurry and fries.	5
12839	"3 o'clock in the morning and I had to wait 40 minutes in the drive thru, it makes no sense at all"	1
12840	VERY FAST SERVICE. HOTTEST BURGER EVER. JUST LIKE I love them!!!	5
12841	No order in. Covid 19 you sure did a number on us.	2
12842	They dont give ranch or buttermilk unless u order nuggets thumbs down lol	5
12843	You forgot to tell people their is very few 24 hour Mickey Dees... And when u find one open.....very limited on drinks.	2
12844	"""Slowest Drive thru and inside is slow too, they don't accept debit in Drive thru!!!""        "	1
12845	It was clean and efficient. Wish they had plugins for travelers.	4
12846	They focuses on coffee or sodas refill to much to a point they ask you for recip of purchase	1
12847	Drive thru is always always packed and your order isn't fresh	1
12848	"They are So So ,but still Slow service"	4
12849	"The service was excellent and the food was hot, not cold anf stale."	5
12850	They take a long time to give the food.	2
12851	There was a long line at the drive through.	4
12852	I wanted something on my stomach and my granddaughter had a happy meal	2
12853	Love the new order n paid once is in progress u order	5
12854	It was little bit good has little bit experiences	5
12855	Amazing staff and the food is great I adore their fries	5
12856	"Order are never ready , dinnin always close for some reason"	1
12857	I think they changed manager it's faster and more alert	5
12858	"Staff very friendly, but dinning room always has some sort of commotion going on..."	2
12859	I went for ice cream for a late night craving and wasn't disappointed	5
12860	Took a long time to have my food ready in the drive thru	1
12861	Excellent customer service. Fast drive through	4
12862	What stands out more than the very slow service is the bad attitudes of 90% of the employees in front of the house.	1
12863	poor service missed a sandwich no cream or sugar for coffee	1
12864	My Grand Big Mac was dry and the meat was hard. I will not go there again	2
12865	I love the food and the good customers service	5
12866	The Crispy chicken sandwich wasn't crispy at all.	3
12867	We been on the drive through line 20 mins and it hasnt moved	1
12868	When I was young. My Mom & Dad would take all us kids to McDonald's for family night out.	5
12869	It was a good experience and the fries were piping hot. Cant beat that.	5
12870	Trash Service. The Bag with my food in it had some type substance on the bag that got my hands.	1
12871	"It was okay, but crowded! It was nice for a good Saturday morning!"	4
12872	"When I'm up early in the morning,I can't stop there for early meals,so I'm lead to go to 711tore."	1
12873	Its actually the only Mc donalds that surved me a burger that looked like the picture.	3
12874	A little overrated but good	4
12875	I find it scary sometimes... They take forever with the orders.. Nearly 30 Min wait..	1
12876	Never has my caramel macchiato always says machines not working	2
12877	I got the 2 chicken sandwiches for $3 very good	4
12878	Good I like this place almost everyday I go to this McDonald's	5
12879	Bad service never coming back here drivetrhu.super slow.	2
12880	"It only took 5 minutes, Not bad to be honest."	4
12881	Line horrible long fries cold sandwich awesome	2
12882	If we're talking about the Mickey D's on Wilmington...no comment shut this place down!	3
12883	They never get your order right not even when you tell em at the counter NO CHEESE..IDIOTS	1
12884	"Food is horrible, never fresh...only get drinks from THIS McDonald's"	2
12885	Hope u can help with more because the amazon people get lost a lot around here in this apartment project	5
12886	Faster and better service great job	5
12887	More than a 20 minute wait poorly staffed.might be because of halloween	1
12888	"..! Mm The Coffee Is Good And Food,&, Local Very Cleaning."	4
12889	A lot of people through the drive-through the take to long to help people in sight the same thing they're slow	1
12890	Takes too long to get your order. The person  taking your money always look mad.	1
12891	Looney Toons is at Mackey D's	5
12892	Fries are nice and them bacon burgers smack doe	5
12893	Food is the same just like at any other McDonald's.	3
12894	Excellent service. Manger Melissa was very kind and helpful.	5
12895	The sausage and egg and cheese McMuffins always hit the spot for me	2
12896	I only get drinks here McDonald's has bad food google there ingredients to the meet beware McDonald's is trying to knock us all off	1
12897	"Great people working here, God bless."	5
12898	Good fast service	5
12899	As always good food good prices and clean	5
12900	Not a full menu ..there's no chicken sandwich at 10:30 pm ..	1
12901	"There women's restroom needed to be cleaned desperately, I had to report it to the manager"	1
12902	Longest line ever.  And k only wanted fries and oreo mcflurry	1
12903	You'll be attacked in the drive-through and management does nothing.  Unsafe.	1
12904	Prices are to high and lines are to long for quality of food	1
12905	The soda Cola taste like water every time I come here	3
12906	I just come here to get happy meals for my kids	3
12907	the slowest mc donalds in the hood.... they dont care about us	1
12908	Great service. Nice kids play area.	5
12909	"Love them Mac chicken sandwich, Big Mac        "	5
12910	Fast swift professional fresh food convenient luncheon spot	5
12911	Very long lines training new staff but pleasant interaction overall	3
12912	Slowest drive thru i ever been in.Customer service was horrible.	1
12913	Scary parking lot. Too many transients making deals.  Awesome food	2
12914	"Waited in line for 25 mins only to get to speaker and someone comes on and says CASH ONLY,       REALLY???"	1
12915	"They had No Filet Fish today,that what I came there for"	2
12916	"Was very  slow and was not clean, homeless in and out asking  for money and not food"	1
12917	Bun was dry and fries seemed like they were sitting for a while	2
12918	They take their time a little too much.	2
12919	The drive thrue line is always so long. The night shift is so slow	1
12920	"Ok for a quick bite, attendance are kind slow"	3
12921	Drive thru is bad especially the wait no matter how many cars there is.	1
12922	"45 minutes to 1 hour in drive drive thru, I don't get it."	1
12923	Good service and the location is very clean.	5
12924	It happens at all McDonald's	1
12925	"This . place . socks too many homeless ,.the.owner.is.very rude . with . The customer so no . respect."	1
12926	Bad service didn't get my order complete.	1
12927	The shakes are great. Busy but never a wait	4
12928	When I come here the food is always hot.	4
12929	Take to long to serve you took 30 mins	1
12930	Best customer service.especially by this cute guy name nelson	5
12931	There drive through waits are ridiculously            	1
12932	The food is good customer service is okay	3
12933	I always take long. And always mess up on your orders.	2
12934	"Delicious breakfast, and beautiful lady with green hair at the 2nd window"	5
12935	My baby girl love there Happy meals	5
12936	"Another BAD experience at this McDonald's! It makes no sense the things they do!! Pray, pray pray!!"	1
12937	stale fries had to ask for remake there oil wasnt filtered good enough	1
12938	Good for a quick bite. The burgers are overpriced tho.	4
12939	Bad service not a good McDonald's to come n eat!	1
12940	The staff was a bit rude and the tables were dirty	3
12941	McDonald's has some great fries and great fish fillet	3
12942	Mc Donald's is good for some things when you are in a rush.	3
12943	The bums outside make you not want to come here and the service was slow	1
12944	This is the Devil of fast food and my family loves	5
12945	Not enough staff too accommodate for their clientele	1
12946	They gave me the wrong food	3
12947	Was not opened for dining but drive thru	5
12948	Nasty bathrooms & vagrants/homeless people which is very uncomfortable.... be aware of your surroundings	1
12949	Cashier nice & thick    	5
12950	I met what i believe to be the owner of Mc Donalds and believe everything is back to business.	5
12951	McDonald Employees are so nice here!	5
12952	"The place was filthy,  the ladies room was closed,  and I  paid bucks prices at a crummy McDonald's."	2
12953	great service	5
12954	Food order wrong. 1 person taking orders and serving drive up orders and counter. To long of wait.	1
12955	You know Mykid's is good to the last drop.	5
12956	Service  was good employees are always  polite	4
12957	Super busy but also super Fast!	5
12958	Drink machine disgusting I just wanted Sweet Tea ugh!	1
12959	Burgers very good. Buns fresh..meat very tasty.	4
12960	all the employees speak spanish and there was homeless people farting inside	1
12961	Drive thru was great	4
12962	Wonderful place to eat good quality food	5
12963	Slow as freaking molasses.. Customer service sucks too	1
12964	I just wanted to use the restroom and got kicked.	1
12965	"To many people, the place is so nasty and slow service."	1
12966	Their smoothie is next to heaven 0	4
12967	Always a pleasure to dine in good service	4
12968	Their service and products are excellent and superb.	5
12969	This is one if the nastiest McDonald's EVER ... The service here is TERRIBLE	1
12970	Only good thing is their coffee.	2
12971	Poor service didn't receive what I ordered   	1
12972	Slow drive through everything else is fine	3
12973	Gives just 1 coffee refill becythe neighborhood is poor. Lame.	1
12974	"Wonderful experience, great customer service."	5
12975	VERY CONVENIENTLY PLACE SPECIALLY IN THIS STRESSFUL TIME. THANKS    	5
12976	Clean but too expensive for fast food.	2
12977	Busy but not speedy....but accurate	3
12978	Fast and friendly. Usual McDonald's quality	4
12979	Long wait in drive thru and wrong order	1
12980	Didn't get all my order- I feel scammed :(	1
12981	"There's nothing like eating a spicy Mc chicken at the legendary pier.
The prices are good (as always). I highly recommend the dollar menu, in this case, 2 Mc chickens for only $4. The taste is very good! For the price of course. And the spicy one tastes even better. Service was very fast, but it can get very packed in the afternoon. Plenty of seats and restrooms are available as well (it gets packed, too). Pickup available. The everyday McDonald's, but placed in a crowded and convenient spot. We highly recommend spicy Mc chicken with extra buffalo sauce!"	5
12982	"I don't eat at McDonald's, but I do UberEats deliveries. I love this McDonald's because it has a parking structure in an area that typically doesn't have one. This makes it very convenient for me and people who choose to eat there."	4
12983	"4 consecutive weeks, Every Monday the dining room is not swept or mopped. They don't open at 530am. For the last month on Mondays they won't have orange juice. They say the machine doesn't work and they can't serve it. The cashier tells me Some other worker will squeeze the orange because it's freshly squeezed. I would understand one mistake, but it's occurring every Monday."	1
12984	"My daughter, her friends and i was at this particular McDonalds while visiting the boardwalk (out of town visitors). There was roaches all over the place and they were big. The place was not clean. Homeless people surrounded the place.  I will never go back and i have already told a lot of people that were headed that way."	1
12985	"What a unique McDonald's, love the structure. But, the only reason that why it's a low rating for me is because they sometimes get people order wrong. That's the only reason I have. Also this place is sometimes very crowded and busy."	3
12986	"Really unsafe place to go( group of young guys just beat old man for nothing and security didn                           t do anything , main manager working with                "	1
12987	"It is just minutes away from the pier, many homeless people inside and you should take good care of your belongings. It is clean but employees barely smile and cold due to holiday working hours I guess :)) Had the double burger cheese and oats meal which I do not complain. It is thanks giving holiday."	4
12988	"Waited in line for half an hour, and it seemed like forever at the pick-up window.  I asked if they were short staffed, and she said they were waiting on the fries. But when I got them they were cold. She offered no explanation until I got tired of waiting"	2
12989	"this McDonald's is more expensive than others in the area, and be warned that individuals in their garage are very sensitive to the fact if you have your phone out and become vocallyworried that you are taking pictures or video of them."	2
12990	The Santa Monica location is on par with most McDonald's out there. The food was satisfactory and the speed of service was reasonable. My only problems with the experience were the restaurant was incredibly busy and the smell of pot was pretty strong from someone smoking it out on the patio. They had the munchies I guess.	4
12991	"Frequently at this location, someone is spewing toxic gases into the air, violating local laws (& humane rights; despite a security guard on site).
Cashiers are expected to be able to actually perform elementary subtraction, such as 12-7=5; (because the US doesn't mint 3 dollar bills) and I already have enough singles to stuff Magic Mike's g-string.
If this location has take out hours & dining room hours, that should be posted; on entry ways & online. Otherwise, we patrons expect to sit down, not be told the seating area is closed 30 minutes prior to closing and 20+ minutes after opening. MGMT should schedule site & employee hours accordingly."	2
12992	It                           s McDonald                           s 	4
12993	Look the staff here is great despite the unwanted obvious nuisance. Food is prepped fast and staff are professional. Restroom are actually kept clean again despite certain unfortunate citizens. I always take out from here and go to the beach. Or park my car at the very top of the lot and eat there.	4
12994	"It's McDonald's...by the pier.  McDonald's. In the wee hours (only time I go) it can be colorful with the occasional altercation/conflict, but they have security.  Never had a issue there.  Order my food from the kiosk, wait, p/u, eat while I walk home and later wish that I didn't order 3 to 4andwiches."	4
12995	Always clean place.. nice flow.. every time I                      	5
12996	Good place. Can get crowded sometimes but the service is quick. I had a huge order and was served in under 10 minutes. I love McDonald's quality so much. This particular location is also right down the street from Santa Monica Pier. A great place to eat before going to the beach!	5
12997	"Everytime I go into the Santa Monica McDonald's, it able to handle the busy times. In my opinion consider the customer traffic, however they waist no time getting orders, if you do not have a cloud following, then you should get what you want. Bathrooms have intermittent traffic depending on the busy time. I see they want you to enjoy your meal, in my opinion. In the pictures you will available seating at a perfect time. I was satisfied!"	5
12998	"It's a McD's, fast food cause you don't have a lot of time when you're going somewhere. Convenient place to grad a quick breakfast in the morning with all other shops still closed"	4
12999	"I ordered tea with lemon. But they didn't put any lemon in it. When I asked where is my lemon the answer was ""we didn't have any lemon"" why u asking if I want it when you didn't have it."	3
13000	"It has been a mighty long time since I need ed to concern myself with dining in at McDonald's.
Since Covid19, the option to dine in was removed. Remarkable."	4
13001	Your service was excellent the employee Erica needs a raise because when I got there the lines were long and she cleared them out real fast thank you Erica	5
13002	"Rude staff asked the manager about the birthday grimace promotion and she said ""I don't know"" and walked away."	1
13003	Did not help me with a refund and took awhile to convince worker to take a look at kiosk to fix it.	2
13004	"Nice place, even with the homeless around it                           s clean and comfortable place. The food preparation process is fast and the staff are nice. I had tried the first tim"	5
13005	"Honestly the worst McDonald's, you'd expect more from one by the beach and turns out to be the worst experience."	2
13006	I'm really disappointed in McDonald's in Santa monica went got food to take to husband and the drink carrier broke they wouldn't give me a replacement for my loss had to reorder and replace myself they were ice coffee and a mocha frappe	1
13007	It's not clean and there are no offers but still ok. Bathroom is usually clean	4
13008	Lots of homeless people inside	4
13009	"No drive thru, enough parking. Crowded but fairly quick. They had the front doors open and I could feel the air moving, not stuffy. Mask optional at the time (July/28/22). All employees were wearing masks. All employees were pleasant or acceptably neutral and doing a good job. Bathrooms and tables clean.  Floors looked pretty good too considering the large amount of foot traffic. Indoor and outdoor tables. Whenever someone got up, a worker appeared shortly after to spray and wipe down the table. In person you can order at  cashiers or use one of the 8 self-service screens. I believe you could also order through the app. There's a scanner at the bottom of the payment pinpad.
Didn't have to wait very long for my food. Less than 5 minutes."	5
13010	Located on State Street in Hurricane Utah! It                           s connected to 711 Gas Station so this makes traveling easy for food and gas stop! Has	5
13011	"Staff is so kind.
Homeless people sometime come in this store.
Then polis comes.lol"	3
13012	"Hungry? Won't spend much money? Go to Mc. Donals! Come hungry, leave happy!"	5
13013	"clean tidy mc donalds. helpful staff. lots of seats both indoors and outdoors. love they didnt have the stupid oversized ipad ordering system which they have in the UK.
its a short walk from or to the beach near santa monica pier. and a short walk from the train station blueline and not far from the local shops.
please like this review if you find it helpful
thank you"	5
13014	Great place to eat awesome staff friendly and helpful enjoy your meal as you'll be loving it.	5
13015	Horrible service walked in with wife an 3 kids ordered 3 pancake meals an 2andwich meals 5 people 5 meals they called our order got 1 pancake 2andwiches no full meals had to wait as they dissed us in Spanish (I speak it I know what you said) then get my other 2 pancakes but they absolutely refused to give me 2 hash browns will not stop again	1
13016	"To be honest, I usually frequent this local Santa Monica Micky D's for its coffee. I have to wake up pretty early, so a nice jolt of caffeine helps me t the day at 5am. With that being said, I will also say that because of Santa Monica's influx of homelessness over the years, this particular location gets alot of homeless patrons. Most are nice, and I buy some of the regulars a thing or two from time to time; however, it's the aggressive homeless patrons that make the place feel troublesome. The staff tries to placate situations, but you can tell they are getting frustrated more and more everyday. So, if you can't handle, talk, be patient, and react positively to people who are just trying to get through the day, the don't go here. I don't need you screaming and being annoyed at every little thing. Bye!!"	4
13017	"Full of homeless people not like I'm unaware of our global situation with homelessness, but if you looking to sit down chill and eat don't do it at this one. It doesn't have a drive thru, so order ahead for pick up, it does have self service ordering kiosk."	2
13018	Homeless hang out ! Every day customers are being attacked in the store why security guards stand around and watch !	1
13019	very good service and nice staff but the down side its full of homeless.	3
13020	"This McDonalds is conveniently close to Santa Monica Pier (about 1 block away). I love buying food from here and eating it by the shoreline with friends :,). Do note, that workers can sometimes be very stingy or serious due to the large amount of people that come in daily (this McDonalds in particular gets very packed). So please be kind to them, they are trying their best to get your food served! <3"	4
13021	One of the Best McDonald's so far. Good service	5
13022	"Good location, very big place"	5
13023	It's on the pier. It's just in a place where activity happens. Otherwise good.	3
13024	"Doing their best for no man and the food is still the same level of addicting.  No drive-thru and right next to the beach.  It is usually teeming with people and it is usually a little busy.  Kiosks available.  On this trip, the payment option for me was unavailable on the kiosk."	5
13025	Loved our family afternoon there	5
13026	Basically what you want from McDonalds without all the bums and beggars in the store during the day	5
13027	"SOOOO busy, all I ordered was a drink and who knows who actually got it!"	2
13028	"This is hands down THE worst McDonald's ever! The staff are rude, racist, and intentionally slow. Don't waste your time. There was a fistfight in the dining area and the men's room was full of weed smoke."	2
13029	"Very bad service the employees are very roud the security guy not professional
I won't never come back to this ugly store"	1
13030	"It's a Nice McDonald's due to location you can grab a small amount of food and go to the pier, also people talk about beggers being near it but I didn't see any all I saw was a man overdosing on drugs"	4
13031	Waited 20 minutes for a mobile order that they have to serve to our table. Finally I went to the counter and asked about my order. They rudely said they don                           t do table s	1
13032	I'm only there for the Frauppes and the Cappuccinos...	3
13033	They fired me for refusing service to a rude customer	1
13034	"Not happy with that location!
Dining room has a big sign in window stating Dining room open. But yet it was not open. It was 12:00 in the afternoon!! Why wasn't it open?! It seems that they have their own rules!
Plus wasn't allowed to order at window either! I don't have a car, I was on my bike."	1
13035	"Horrible customer service and they messed up my order. The lady who took my order was rushing and had a rude attitude. She didn                           t even listen to what I wanted. She kept ing at me and almost forced me to get something easier off the menu, as I had ordered somet"	1
13036	Friendly staff and fast service	5
13037	The worker could not get my order on time and had an attitude	1
13038	"High traffic fast food restaurant that doesnt fail on being exactly just that. In the process ,  however ,  it also us one of the few places in the area that offers a no frills area to eat your food AL FRESCO. And in this day in age ,  thats priceless."	5
13039	So busy. Staff are literal heroes.	5
13040	So I come in for my daily coffee but need to use the restroom and of course you have to buy before you can use the restroom and wash hands                  	1
13041	"Order was screwed up, and the hash browns in both combo meals were barely cooked to just above raw.
Amazing their staff could screw up two breakfast meals in the same order in an automated process. SAD."	2
13042	Nothing special. Just McDuck like just McDuck.	3
13043	"To many young kids was there
the place was to busy for family & tourism"	1
13044	"The only reason I am giving this location for s instead of 5 is because overall, I don't eat McDonald's or fast food. However, the one day that I did go to Santa Monica, I just had a sudden craving for something fatty and sugary.

I went inside and dislocation surprisingly very clean. The staff there were also very hospitable, friendly, and alert. I ordered me some french fries and a sweet iced tea, and then I proceeded to the outdoor Courtyard to eat.

Out there was just as clean as it was on the inside. I haven't had McDonald's since 2012, so I was really surprised at how fresh the french fries and the sweet iced tea taste it.

Everything was okay okay with me."	4
13045	"If we focus too much on ourselves and the troubles in our lives, it is very difficult to be happy. Lord, refresh my spirit, help me let go of longing to become something I am not and show me how to be the best of who I am.
Open your mind and empty your heart of fears so that you can know and experience God to the fullest. Lord, You are my peace, my assurance and the love that I hold on to.Reach higher than you think possible for all that you want and you find that often you attain even more. Lord, I rely on Your promises made to each of us and especially on Your love.
Be patient with others, but mostly be patient with yourself. Lord, help me to keep a smile on my face and to realize my goodness and refuse to dwell on my imperfections.Desiring more and more without appreciating what you have right now will never allow you to be truly happy. Be grateful for the gifts you are receiving right this very minute. That's happiness!God gives abundantly to those who pass His gifts on to others. Lord, let Your blessings flow in to me and then out from me. I will neither be selfish nor let my gifts stagnate.
Use Jesus' as your example on how to live. Lord, You will guide and advise us and then You will leave it to us to decide our own future. Give us wisdom in our choices.Dear Lord, thank you for being such a loving God and caring about our pain. You don't want to see us suffer. You know the suffering that we face, and I ask that you would please redeem it and bring it to an end. In the midst, Lord, I believe that you are sufficient. I ask that your strength will be made perfect in our weakness. In Jesus's name, amen"	5
13046	Always has an abundance of homeless population hanging out inside and outside. (Remove that you get 5) Felt dirty although they were constantly cleaning the restaurant. Food is your typical McDonald's no change there. They offer a bathroom but its a busy location. Overall I'd return with caution   	4
13047	Long lines rude staff you ask for sauce but never get it. They only have one register open. Homeless at front entrance smoking blunts and can smell it while you are ordering.	3
13048	"Had to go and wipe my 5  review and turn it to a 2  since last year this whole place has turned into yet another slow Hispanic ran restaurant. Used to have a diverse staff and be consistently speedy and hot, now it takes 10 mins with no one else in line to get some fries and nuggets                            while everyone is standing around twiddling their thumbs, I                           ve been here at least 60 times, and every time I                           ve been here post COVID reopening it                           s been this same situation with the change of the whole employee personnel now it      "	2
13049	It's a McDonald's that food is the same as every other McDonald's is decent didn't like the place because it was too crowded too messy and took forever just to get a soda or no people were nice workers were nice	2
13050	The worst and most expensive McDonalds I have ever seen. I had to request a manager to intervene before the cashier would let me order what I wanted instead of what she wanted me to buy. Definitely not a happy meal.	1
13051	There was a psycho there but the guard tazed her	5
13052	"On Nov 22//21, I went to use the men                           s restroom and it was so filthy and because this is a place where a lot people visit the attention to the restrooms should be made more often"	1
13053	Definitely everything has changed in this McDonald                           s location. The food was alright what I didn                           t like was the area location homeless getting crazy inside the restaurant. Looks like the one security who  	1
13054	"The new renovation it went through makes it look more modern! The ordering kiosks are perfect for the tourist that can't speak English or Spanish. It is very spacious! Please beware, not to their fault, the Homeless population can be a turn off to go their do to the fact that it's a hang out spot for them. I have no problem with that as long as they mind their own business and I do the same. One thing that I'm surprised about, No refills on my coffee? Really? That was one of the main reasons I went there for breakfast. Besides that, it's McDonald's we are taking about. Quick and easy meal compare to other higher price options around."	3
13055	"There have been issues with some of the patrons getting out of hand with the staff, but it seems that the issue has improved. My family generally order through food delivery apps from this location to avoid unruly patrons. They always get our order right, and the delivery is seamless."	4
13056	"The locations looks great and has 8 of machines that allow you to order and pay, but the service was horrible. I ordered a sundae for my mom and after 10 minutes of waiting, I saw one employee feel a tear in her pants below her butt and then she went and fixed herself a sundae and left. At this same moment another came up and asked about the sundaes for his family that he ordered 20 minutes prior. I was given a refund without fuss before leaving. The bad part to all of this was there were about 12 people working at the location during my visit which was more than enough to prepare and delivery the food quickly."	2
13057	Vomit and urine from the homeless at the entry turned my stomach and couldn                           t order food. My wife and I were so turned off we canceled or sightseeing plans in LA and left town. It     	1
13058	"Very nice, very clean.
Saw a guy come in who ""looked"" homeless and 2ecurity guards immediately swarmed in and ushered him out. It was kind of impressive, yet I felt so sorry for the guy and thought security should have been more sensitive when doing the job because the man clearly wasn't all there.

Also, the men's rest room was very clean, however I'd prefer paper towels on hand in addition the the blowers. I had to touch the press down facet button and I had to touch the soup dispenser. I like to use paper towels to touch these things... especially the door when leaving..."	4
13059	"This Black lady at cash register took my order fine, another black lady with dark blue shirt red brown hair served my food.
Minutes later I return one item was made wrong!
Same black lady asked her staff to fix it then she gave it to me without checking it and I find out that they did it wrong again! I took to her for the third time and then she asked her staff again to do it again!
Instead of making sure it                           s done correct! She proceeded to go help another customer which took her about 4 to 5 minutes when she knew I come first but she didn                           t care! I asked her again when she returned to her post where is my food and She got quickly defensive with me and refuse to get me a hot free fries since I had to wait too long for my order!
I throw away my cold fries and just proceeded to get the hell out of there!!
I am done arguing with these black or not black l management fault!! They just hire any one for the job and they don                           t pay attention to what goes on in thei"	1
13060	Santa Monica pier is a few steps from here.	5
13061	Wonderful beachside McDonald's on Santa Monica Beach... food is excellent and the restroom is open to the public until 11 p.m.	5
13062	Fine it's always busy place	4
13063	Good McD centrally located and quick service.	4
13064	We usually go mainly for the soft serve covers and sundaes.  Nothing hits the spot on a hot day like a small sundae.  Prices are perfect and the kids really appreciate the treat.  Hot fudge on the bottom really makes it fun for them.	5
13065	"I usually give high reviews but not this time. The service is excellent. Fast and professional staff all the way. Truely representing McDonald's culture. Unfortunately there is an issue with homeless people that brings this location down. The restroom has a bad odor because of the homeless people washing up in there. The restroom door doesn't close as to see what's going on in there such as drug use I can only speculate. There are plenty of homeless people going in and out of the establishment to eat and use the restroom. So they carry a bad odor. It ruins the atmosphere. It's depressing. I witnessed a homeless man get hauled out by Santa Monica Police for lounging around, not purchasing any food, and being loud and unruly. I applaud the quick response of the security officer on duty who immediately asked the man to leave several times always maintaining his composure, even as the homeless man escalated. It's a tough job, but it's getting done. The priorities are kept here. Customer satisfaction and safety are key to the staff and it shows."	3
13066	"Convenient location and although there are some challenges the area faces (homeless and everything that goes with that), the restaurant does a good job keeping things clean, service helpful, and food good as always. We had an order with a lot of custom requests for kids (no this, extra that), and each burger was put together exactly as ordered."	4
13067	Bathrooms are very dirty and lines are very poorly organized. I was able to skip ahead of at least ten people that were ahead of me because they don't communicate the registers that are open to the customers. The booths in the far side of the restaurant smell like cigarettes. Food was served quickly and with good quality however.	3
13068	So overall they usually have one of the fastest services especially when it comes to McDonald's in regards to what I'm doing doordash. Only problem being at this location is a hub for intoxicated panhandling homeless people.	1
13069	"The People Who Work There Were Very Rude&Short In Response.
There Parking Garage Is Hazardous!!"	2
13070	"No different than any other McDonalds, except that it's in Santa Monica very close to the pier and beach. It's surprisingly well kept and clean and very fast. Lots of tourists and visitors and the location is updated with the order kiosk systems so can get moving pretty fast. Seating can be an issue on very crowded days. Over all good experience and not too bad."	4
13071	One of the nicest mc donalds	5
13072	"Really rude staff, too bad service. Avoid if you can. There are so many other better places to eat or drink around.
They would literally cheat you!"	1
13073	"Too many homeless people that kept walking in and out of this location, we couldn't eat comfortably because they smelled so bad as they passed by. I understand they can't help it due to their situation but if you have a hard time tolerating body odor of various homeless people walking back and forth in this McDonald's location then you should definitely avoid this location."	1
13074	This is a very convenient location. Probably the most affordable food in this area near the pier. It's usually very busy with foot traffic for the beach and the promenade. You will encounter all types from international tourist to local bums. It's fairly clean considering the large amount of customers. The orders are quick but be sure to check it before leaving. Not the most accurate employees	3
13075	"This McDonald tourist city attraction restaurant is over rated by it's local customers.  During my visit to this restaurant, none of its employees had people skills or customer dissatisfaction resolution skills.  Its employees escalated its customers verbal complaints to verbal challenging arguments.  Without any complaint resolution."	3
13076	"Food was good, jt was crowded, there was gum in my chair, didnt notice til i got up and it was all over my shorts"	3
13077	"This plave is not a good place. They used to have blacks there too. Now all hispanic and trey just remodeled. All of sudden after the remodel all the staff all like the same race. I though McDonald's was equal opportunity employer. Guess not. Today I went there to use the restroom. I was told I couldn't use the restroom unless I bought something. I explained that it was an emergency and I just have to take a number one and I will be on my way. I asked to speak to the manager, the manager told me the same thing you have to buy something. I told the manager I really had to use the restroom it was an emergency I'll be in and out that's all I need it and I was still denied. Every time I come to this place is always something. Things to give me cold food all the time I would ask for fresh food and they would make me wait 20 to 30 minutes I would just wait while standing there looking at her. I wasn't really strong with expressing myself oh, now I express myself a little bit more. I just thought that everybody should know is this place really isn't a nice place to be I wouldn't give them a dime of my money. When did they treat people and I've always treated people is not okay if I was a business owner in a McDonald's along to me I would fire the entire staff shut the McDonald's down and t new with the whole new staff of all Races and ethnicities different religions in different ways of being themselves instead of running it like Fort Knox and no one even speaks English. Not a respectable place and I think a lot of changes need to happen. The last thing that we all need is a petition being signed to shutdown a very nasty, disrespectful, unprofessional in very unreliable restaurant in one of the most popular places in California. Let's get back together McDonald's or else I'll go to the next level and bringing all these customers that also it's like this McDonald's. We even go one more step above and bring the in all your future customers who have never been there before just to mention on how they've had experiences at McDonald's that were so exceptionally great and then compare it to the way that you treat all the customers who've walked out of McDonald's and see if they'll never come back I don't think we want this to be a topic of discussion."	1
13078	I ordered from here twice and I ordered a cheeseburger with bacon and onions and the first time they didn                           t even put the bacon on it (The bacon that I spend my money on) and now they didn                           t put the onion on it.	1
13079	"They always have a lot of staff in hand, specially on the week ends and at peak hours. You will always see a lot of tourist due to the perfect location near the shopping and the pier. This also means that there will be homeless there as well. I like to live and let live so I don't mind sharing space with my fellow man. With that said there is security at hand at all times. Even when this place looks crowded the service is fast and like most McDonald's with a smile. You get something to eat at a great price in a perfect location."	4
13080	"Very bad exp, I believe I goten bad food."	1
13081	They got the best breakfast here.	5
13082	"They accidentally gave my friends and I a whole order that we cancelled, and they also gave us the actual orders we bought. All in all they were pretty fast workers. They have to be because that place is always packed because of the Santa Monica Pier. I understand that it's not always going to be clean there because, frankly, there's not much room to clean there most of the time. If I could give 4.2, I would."	4
13083	"We ate breakfast here every morning while staying at a hotel around the corner. The food was always made correct and fresh, however the large amount of homeless people hanging out make things a little more difficult.  (No condiments are self serve,  the security guard has to let you into the bathroom, sometimes hard to find a table)"	4
13084	"I just had a large fry it was okay the kids had hamburger happy meals, the burgers were cold and ""tasted funny"", they ate the fries, and of course really liked the toy inside. 7 out of 10 today mediocre."	4
13085	It is an OK place to go if you do not have a better option. The prices and the quality of the food are reasonable	3
13086	Great food and staff but the crowd is a bit sketchy	3
13087	"if you're a tourist DON'T go to McDonald's especially this one, rude service, poor choice, worst fast food chain in US by far"	1
13088	It was crowded! Unfortunately they don't do refills here.	4
13089	No dollar menu anything but drinks here! Even coffee is 2 bucks! The service is spotty and confusing at best! The place is small and serves the end of the busiest street that leads to the pier....ultra poor planning on space for quality of service/business. There are a lot kf vagrants at this location but they are for the most part harmless.	1
13090	They allow the homeless to beg in front of their door and people buy them food so they go inside and eat. The problem is their smell!!! We bring our tourists families and end up totally embarrassed.	2
13091	"Manager sucks. I called her over for help and she ignored me. Seating arrangements are disorganized. The soda fountain machine is always dirty. Hardly any ice. When you press for a certain soda, it runs water for a while. Too many homeless people. The only decent thing here is the food."	2
13092	"Worst McDonald's in the world, that's a big statement but its the only one that fits.
I ordered breakfast on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy but when I got my food I was missing some sandwiches, my pancakes were super cold like if they had just defrosted them and put them in my bag and the hashbrowns were literally stuck to the wrapper and the bag they came in looked like it had been dunked in the deep frier.

Save your money, go eat somewhere else where the food is actually edible.
To clarify I'm not bagging on all McDonald's, I quite like the food BUT this location is terrible, my suggestion is to go elsewhere"	1
13093	The service is fast but since the pandemic it seems that the mask is the most important thing.. security is polite and the Cusomer service associates are kinda formal but still polite...you can eat on the patio but not for long...	4
13094	"It's McDonald's, cheap sustenance to keep on going. We had a couple burgers and fries and I can't complain they were alright when the price is taken into account. It can be quite busy at times so keep this in mind when going at peak times. The restaurant itself was pretty clean, what you come to expect from a McDonald's."	4
13095	Got my order wrong took forever to serve my sweet tea. Crispy chicken had a large piece of not so crispy chicken w/ the foulest tasting sauce I'll never order again  watered down sodas so much you'd think it was club soda. Never again	1
13096	We asked for a cup of water after we were done eating our food inside. Lady said we needed to purchase until she seen my orange juice cup.. she then proceeded to give us a tiny cup. What exactly were we supposed to do with that? Meanwhile others got a decent sized cup for water. What do you lose to give out a cup of WATER?	1
13097	"This McDonald                           s is always very busy so I understand why their customer service isn                           t the best.

Even so, I still don                           t understand"	1
13098	"I expect crowding because it's close to the beach. The ice machine is always out, they don't have enough fresh brewed tea to refill the container, and some of the employees have attitude. The security guard tends to trip, but it's not always the same guard. Service is pretty fast considering the volume of customers. I only go there because of proximity."	2
13099	"The service the is great! They do a awesome job with the food, and it has security there so you don't have to worry to lose your chicken nuggets,  and hamburger,  also your money!"	5
13100	"No Refills!                                      It took about 10 minutes for me and everyone else in line to get their order done. They could only give you 3 ranch for 20 Chicken Nuggets, not even 4. Fo"	2
13101	Worse Mac Donald                           s on the planet and the most discussing rudest staff - I  	1
13102	Great place to eat by the beach without the ridiculous prices . Beware that many homeless people ask you for change but never wanna change the sense of direction his life is unnerving to give people money as they bother while consuming meat patties between buns of bread with seeds. Moral of this review is to never help homeless while eating	5
13103	"Gets very very busy , but they are normally fairly rapid about getting everyone through. By far the cheapest food place in that area, so ideal if you're just visiting. It's still McDonalds though so don't expect anything different from every other franchise."	5
13104	We only eat halal food. The fillet o fish is a good choice for us but the price is high. Though it        	4
13105	"This was an ok McDonald                           s, but I liked going to this place because it was so busy during the summer, so you are more likely to get hot and fresh food. Now that it                           s December 2020, they are slacking, I guess they are having more problems with the homeless or druggies or drug dealers outside of their business, but twice in the last two weeks I got cold and half-cooked fries after 9pm.

Maybe because I                           m a gang stalking victim, this is happening.  REPORT ANY AND ALL COMPLAINTS TO CORPORATE.

On December, 13th 2020, I got the free double cheeseburger, it was a cold burger a"	1
13106	Only place that is open late night in Santa Monica after 11 pm. Service great and you know the product. Very safe and family friendly. Great location	5
13107	"I went on a Sunday and it was SUPER packed but the lines moved suprisingly fast. FOOD-WISE one of the BEST Mcdonalds Ive ever been to, CLEANLINESS one of the WORST. Parking lot entrance smelled like Pee, and the Patio tables were disgusting to the point I had to clean it myself and I STILL didnt want to touch it. And the patio chairs were so Uncomfortable aswell"	3
13108	This place is a major tourist hub as it is located within a few blocks from the Santa Monica Pier. Inside is nice. They will also bring food to you that you won't see in any other store or this may be new to me since I have been to Mcdonald's only a few times in my entire life.	5
13109	Loads of homeless people around	2
13110	It's a McDonald's it didn't disappoint. I got another one supersize. And that's what I wanted. Fade Out on the floor back back back to get a bag over there balcony. Exactly what I wanted no surprises.	4
13111	Food was not hot fries to salty	2
13112	12 midnight this place is packed and they bring it to your table!	4
13113	"Hot and fresh! I always get the Quarter Pounder with cheese,  mac sauce,  pickles and shredded lettuce only!! It's the best!! You gotta try it.
Kia D
WeTalkRadio.com"	5
13114	"Go anywhere else. Not here. Beyond the counter, this place is never clean.  Glorified truck stop.  Too many other options, next door and, nearby that are more deserving of your business. Especially, since the ""dining room"" is no longer open 24 hours.  No drive through. Sad. Literally, steps from the pier. The collective grime of all of Santa Monica resides on this location surrounding sidewalks. The homeless aren't the issue.  It is the mentally disturbed , the hustlers  and questionable addicts. This is not a family friendly location.  Wisely most families recognize this and steer clear.  These truths sometimes slip pass the trained smiles of the cashiers and you see the weariness and defeat.  No other business has these issues!  Not one.  Food?  No problems."	1
13115	"First thing that caught my eye was its employees, within the times I've stopped by this branch of the Goldin Ark. Reason being is do to it's great customer service. I understand most McDonald's now have self service available to its customers but the times that I've gone to the beach in Santa Monica it's always been alot easier to be attended by their kind employees."	5
13116	"The food was good. The person working the counter did not seem to understand anything I said. There are homeless people all around, don't go there alone."	3
13117	Right in front of the WORLD FAMOUS Santa Monica Beach Pier!	5
13118	I got a raw meat burger. It was cooked outside of it. But inside under the part was cooked was very raw meat. That was unfit to eat. And made me sick. I don't prefer NO body to go eat their at all they will. Kill you with uncooked meat in your burgers.	1
13119	No drive thru; there is a parking lot area; very busy and chaotic; service was reasonable.	2
13120	"They were friendly but they never gave me a tray because they never asked ""for here or to go"". The service was fast, I had my food ready before I could fill up my drink."	4
13121	"First of all,  you will have a Santa Monica price here.  That means it's more expensive than other places for the same item in the menu. Secondly,  the restaurant was full of homeless people which disturbed people's meal quite often with their shouting and cussing. Thirdly,  the restroom is freaking filthy."	3
13122	One of the oldest piers in the country and one of the Top places to visit while in #LALALand	5
13123	Had been driving for several hours and needed to use the restroom before ordering. But employee was refusing to open the locked bathroom before I ordered. Extremely rude. At least it was clean and food was ok.	1
13124	"It was nice compared to how it was before, quick if you use the machines to order your food. You can pay credit or cash at the counter or the machine.. order was quick food was dope no issue."	5
13125	As always just ok	3
13126	The restaurant was clean and orderly. Food was prepared fast and made properly. Everything was decent.	4
13127	"If I could do 0 s I would. There is no place to lock a bike so I had to take it in with me. The                            security guard                            tried to get me to leave because I have a bike. I                           m not leaving a $3,000 bike at the door with all these homeless people around who will steal anything. Then they refused to take my order because I wouldn                           t lea"	1
13128	Decently quick service but it's just mcdonalds. Prepare for the transients standing outside begging. The staff kinda look they wish they were there and it kinda reflects on the service. They have the kiosks to order from which makes service better.	3
13129	"No drink refills.
Bad service       "	1
13130	Fresh Air an clean facility	5
13131	"Eco-friendly flatware, restroom is locked up tight (transients). Employees are dismissive and arrogant. Not courteous and refuses to answer questions about food products, ie: what's on a cheeseburger answer would be... ""Cheese & bread""! But the food is hot and fast."	4
13132	"Worst McDonalds ever.  Customer service is non existant. They act like they're doing you a favor by letting you order food in their establishment. Then it took 20 minutes to get a simple order. Heard MANY complaints while we waited. All McDonald's are worse since the kiosks came in, but this location is a disaster.  Avoid ."	1
13133	They used to be super cool! Since the remodel they turned into nazis! No water without a receipt. The stupid guard ted a fight with a homeless man who came in. I dont know who sprayed it but pepper spray was sprayed. There were little kids in there. Cleared the place out. They are trying way too hard to not help ANYBODY	1
13134	The food was fast and good for McDonald's. The inside seating area was kinda small and there were a lot of homeless people hanging out in front of the building. The entrance smelled like urine.	4
13135	"They literally almost got the entire order wrong, would not come back ever. My family got two deluxe s round egg, 1small decaf coffee, 2 med coffees with sugar and cream. We ended up with packets of ketchup, no bread for the muffins in the deluxes,no hashbrowns and the wrong amount of cream.

Ok sorry I actually came back the other day and the food was amazing this time. Also, there is another McDonald's in my area that's pretty lame. This place has a better service overall.(sort of long review sorry)"	4
13136	Every time I go to this McDonald's everyone is so friendly and make me feel welcome EXCEPT the cashier named EDNA. She gave me the WORST COSTUMER SERVICE EVER!! She was disrespectful and rude. How does McDonald's let her work here?	3
13137	"Ordered a triple cheeseburger & when I opened up my burger it was single, I go up & say it's wrong and I get ""We don't have triple cheeseburgers"". Apparently putting 3 patties on a burger is prohibited, but other locations are fine with me ordering this. Will not be returning."	1
13138	"I got my food at around 10 PM on a Thursday night. The McDonalds was packed with people, yet I only had to wait a few minutes to get my food. The staff was friendly and my food was made really well."	5
13139	"Filthy place, both dining area and rest rooms. Staff member who took our order didn't know what an Americano was, even though it's on their own coffee menu, buttermilk chicken tenders were inedible, looked amd felt like it had been reheated too many times."	1
13140	"The recently advertised 100% real meat patties for their Quarter Pounder burger, more or less, was what you expect--same great taste, same great value, though it did not fail it however didn't feel any different from their other burger options on their selected menu.  Would I get it again?  Yeah, why not?  Makes for a mouth watering meal on the go, quick to be served and ready in minutes with that first warm juicy bite followed by a second, third and maybe fourth?  Who knows, really?  Just Get It and Try One Out Today or When the Munchies hit Mount Everest peaks!"	4
13141	First the restroom was clean and it wasn't guarded with a keypad... When I see that I'll go elsewhere. I never use a restroom without purchase and I never ask . Even the chicken sandwich was fresh... Thanks for the service	5
13142	Its mc donalds what can i say	4
13143	"I ate there during a week while I stayed at Santa Monica, the service was really fast, even when the place was crowded.

The computer ordering system is really effective, they have 8 modules and they help a lot for taking orders faster."	5
13144	Poor customer service with the cashier	1
13145	"The interior of store has recently been upgraded and has made it a lot more pleasant to be in. Due to its proximity to the Pier, there are still plenty of weirdos and homeless people hanging out in and around the store..."	4
13146	It's fairly crowded but got my iced macchiato and apple pie. The staff were friendly and attentive for the short interaction.	5
13147	"Lines can be long, but service is friendly. Sometimes it takes longer for the food to come out, but the employees compensate by doing extra for the wait. The employees do practice good customer service."	4
13148	"It's an interesting location for a McDonald's, and this property must be super expensive. Aside from that, it's a good enough place, and I give it 4 based on the expectations that come from a McDonald's to begin with. If you're on the Pier and you want a big Mac or some mcnuggets, this is your spot."	4
13149	"Worst one I've ever been to! They were rude, an employee was arguing with a customer plus it was super dirty! We walked out!"	1
13150	"I need to use the bathroom facilities before I ordered. Mind you, the line was long. I was refused until I purchased something which was my intention but first thing first. The manager as well as security staff were very rude. I will never step foot into that place again."	1
13151	They get you in and out fast. I love this McDonald's adjacent to the beach                                      and the Metro Expo Line	4
13152	"At first, I felt hungry so I went to this very fancy Mickey D's.  But then while getting back home ( which was a long way from the Santa Monica Pier ) I felt nostalgic and my stomach was hurting really bad.  So I had to stop at Carl's Jr. on  Newhall for the bathroom."	2
13153	Blessya all let's all get along. McDonald is giving back .Teenager do have a place to stay it hard on them. Let's live and love. Homeless is trying doing it staying clean Amen. Grace..keep it moving.smile. Sister Ms Rose. PEACE	5
13154	"Worst customer service ever. Manager is rude and racist. I have been there twice and have witnessed the bad training of employees. Manager in nightshift charge wont help out at all. And I witness how rude she was to some customers, and when I asked to talk to a manager she insulted me and turned me away .  Mcdonalds. You should take complaints into consideration. All those complaints from us the customers.  I'm afraid if I go again instead of a big mac I'll get a mcwhooping."	1
13155	My order was not completed because I asked for grape jelly and 2 employees gave me strawberry and said grape didn't exist at that store. When I told the head manager I was allergic to strawberries she apologized to me and said they have plenty of grape jelly and gave me 2. I also had no napkins in the bag so I had to come back.	3
13156	Bit sketch here late night	3
13157	"This review is for the young lady that worked the night of April 7th, she was repeating the ticket numbers to customers after her cowoker behind the counter yelled out the numbers. I was standing with all the other people waiting for their orders. I hear my order get called, i grab it, and she tells me                            let me see your ticket im literally right here                           ... Ahhhh of course your right there but since im also right here Ill go ahead and grab it since im there with my ticket in hand mind you. To the lady with braides and glasses who appears to be the age of a co"	1
13158	Joshua is cool and helpful. Went above and beyond. Good vibes and energy. Happy guy and honest about the products. Dude was cleaning the whole time and helping customer at same time.	5
13159	"The order was done really quickly, and that was greatly appreciated because we were in a hurry. We bought 20 McNuggets and they tasted amazing! Every one!"	4
13160	"The terror of the men was palpable in the air. The stench of blood and bodily waste clung heavy. It had been three days and four nights of terror. Ever since the men had come to this island,  it seemed like everything had gone wrong. Not just like God had abandoned them, but had an active hand against them. The coke here is always watered down."	5
13161	The worst service ever... the people behind us got their orders but our order never been processed. We decided to cancel our order instead. The manager never apologized for that error. I still got the receipt. If ever the corporate head wants to contact me I am willing to give them what took place in that McDonald's. I hope the manager will get fired for it!!!!	1
13162	Great customer service for such a busy location. Eating area is kept clean throughout despite obvious challenges of a beach location	5
13163	"The food was good.  I mean,  they put several pickles in my yummy burger.  The fries were perfect.  The wait was a little long."	4
13164	"No refills, ruins the Mcdonalds tradition. Staff is nice , but its too packed and not to much staff to help getting drinks.. Bring back the soda machine."	1
13165	Always long lines .. use the app makes ordering much faster	5
13166	"Chain Criteria:

                                                       Clean Interior and/or Restrooms
                            Fast Service
                   "	4
13167	"Fast service. But if you want straws, you have to ask for them in Santa Monica. They give you a paper straw, so if you have a resusable straw, i recomend bringing one. Self-service systems are installed to reduce waiting time."	5
13168	Too many homeless hang out in front of here. A lot of them are violent. No drink refills here because people would take cups out of the trash and steal soda.	2
13169	"Cold food, not prepared as ordered. Complained and they didn't seem to care. Would not recommend at all ."	1
13170	"I love the CA McDonalds have McChickens (we only have Hot N' Spicy in AZ). The service was fast, and the food was fresh and cheap. It was also accurate (no missing items). This is how fast food should always be."	4
13171	"Good as every other mcdonalds but only one big difference.. A lot like a looot of homeless people here, I like it because of the staff but too many homeless, that and this time the resroom run out of seat covers lol"	4
13172	"Ruthlessly expensive McDonalds food because it's by the beach, but they take the mobile order deals. Security on site though not too pushy. People seemed friendly enough."	4
13173	"Just another McDonalds restaurant for a quick meal. The quality is the same than in any other McDonalds restaurant. So nothing better than in others. From my point of view the services were not as clean as I have expected. That is the only bad ""point"""	3
13174	Before heading to Santa Monica pier we made a lunch break here so we can grab a quick bite to eat before heading to the beach. Location was great and the service was fast and accurate.	3
13175	"Experienced placing my order by computer touch screen, paying right there and shortly thereafter hearing my number called.  Nice, clean, super busy place."	5
13176	"Cashier had her hair in a ponytail and so did all the other workers (that's not allowed , servsafe states you can only have you're hair in a braid or bun when working with food) one of the cooks had on of the sides her shirt in a knot exposing her lower right stomach. I asked the manager and he said the cashier had her hair down in a pony tail because she was almost leaving and the chick with the shirt up was because he shirt got in the way of her cleaning. OH! BTW she was cooking and sweeping with out washing hands !."	1
13177	Always very quick and helpful	5
13178	"Very good service they try to keep it clean, only alot of homeless ppl. We get something quick to go always full of ppl too."	3
13179	"Usually crowded, soda fountain is not very fizzy and employees are quite distracted... Other than that a good place to get a quick bite on your way to/from the beach"	3
13180	"Nice place to dine in (outside obviously) and take out is fast. Just wish it had a driver thru, overall fast service."	5
13181	Great place for inexpensive food right at Santa Monica Pier. There is also a public parking just below this place. But just inquire about the price first. We were charged $30 for parking and there were cheaper options available nearby.	5
13182	This place is dirty and employees don't care. Also homeless hangout here all day everyday. It's a good thing police come here often so they keep crime down.	1
13183	"Attitude. Lack of knowledge of procedures. Terrible customer service. The place is filthy. Who runs this place? Definitely not a place I would recommend if you're having a good day. This place will ruin that, wholesale. Good riddance."	1
13184	The old lady on the cashier is so RUDE. She speaks poorly english and is rude.	1
13185	The cheapest place to eat at when your by the pier literally. If your on a budget Mikey Ds serves you at its finest. The problem is they dont have the dollar menu anymore and this place can get packed during lunch hours.	4
13186	"Haven't been here in a while, they have remodeled. They have self order and cashier order. It's close to the peir so expect your occasional homeless ppl but there is a security guard."	5
13187	"Massive homelessness dirty outside.
No parking NO drive thru security more worried about masks then the drugs dealing at the door."	2
13188	"Always have the homeless there taking the spots, it's Santa Monica! Can't blame them for hanging out but all the good tables are taken by them. Otherwise just your everyday McDonald food! !"	3
13189	"Horrible service after the remodeling. Very rude attendant, they refused the refill traditional on all other Mcdonalds restaurants and security was super rude reminding I should leave the parking in 30 minutes (I was in the store for 12 minutes)"	1
13190	I go to every McDonalds I can. This one is quick service and good food. But please note that it gets a little crazy at night time. This is a very busy spot next to the pier.	4
13191	Always a nice and friendly place to go. Fast and with good prices as always. It will be there when you need a food.	4
13192	Rude cashier. Dirty seats and tables. And full of very crazy looking people/drugs (i felt a little bit uncomfortable) The Hot chocolate didn't taste like HC at all.	2
13193	Always for my husbands coffe we stip buy. Value for money for a senior coffee.	5
13194	Long lines and short staffed it seemed.  They can be good other then that.  Tried the bacon cheese fries and I instantly wished they was not only for a limited time only.	3
13195	"Was a McDonald's. You know what you get. The store itself was clean, the service was prompt and the people were nice. The automated ordering machines were a pain to use though and we gave up as it was unresponsive"	4
13196	"Asked for refund and the cashier faked the transaction I asked if it completed and she said yes. I did not get the refund.

The sandwich was disrespectful   "	1
13197	Very slow	3
13198	"Kind of  confusing as people were just standing everywhere and one of the workers looked lost herself. Once it cleared out some t hmm ings settled, the food was accurate and warm :)"	4
13199	Wonderful customer service	5
13200	"Out of the places I have visited here sadly this one offered at least the most friendly of the people I encountered.

However it is more expensive then the basic McDonalds you're use to. It is one of the cheapest around considering your other options."	3
13201	"Horrible customer service I have ever seen. There is a staff named LOVE, she has the worst behave with customers ever. She even dont know how to talk. She did nit gave me a ranch"	1
13202	"This is my go to McDonald's, now with automated cashiers ordering is quick and easy, nice and clean, courteous employees, it's just getting better!"	4
13203	Big Mac	5
13204	Definitely not a great place to eat no refills they charged for it employees wearing air pods  hats to the back restrooms dirty no trying to clean it. Just horrible restaurant	1
13205	"Restaurant dirty trash overflowing and as always at McDonald's you have to demand condiments, bad experience"	1
13206	"I ordered a chicken buttermilk combo. Didnt get a drink. And when i tried to explain to the manager what happened, she wouldnt let me speak. Unsatisfactory"	1
13207	The McDonald's was busy but very efficient. Can't say I was impressed with the 2 napkins provides for 3 people's food and how they didn't add the ketchup requested.	3
13208	Everything was everything as usual.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks to  McDonald's for a happy meal     	5
13209	very bad experience the employee are super rude they have very bad attitude	1
13210	"No bad location easy to find, service is kinda slow at times though."	4
13211	The food was great. Service was quick. They forgot napkins and ketchup for my to go order.	4
13212	My cashier Anaya was so professional and had the best smile. I was greeted kindly and the place was clean. I will be back	5
13213	It was interesting I've never had to pay for parking in my life or for the bathroom but it was nice to eat some McDonald's at the high price that it was	3
13214	They really try hard to keep it clean and friendly but due to so many homeless people inside and out of the store it's impossible to enjoy coming to this location without be harassed by them.  There's free parking on site.	3
13215	Just left the Santa Monica Pier.  Couldn't find an ice cream cone single scoop for less than $6. Thank you McDonald's for having a scoop of Creamy vanilla ice cream for $1.42	5
13216	If you can handle the homeless people attacking you then it's awesome.	2
13217	I WAS JUST CASUALLY EATING MY MCNUGGETS AND I LOOK IN THE CORNER AND THIS GUY IS PLAYING HIS PLAYSTATION ON A MONITOR AND THE BOOTH AND THEN I GET UP TO GO PEE AND I COME BACK AND THE JANITOR THREW AWAY THE REST OF MY MCNUGGETS AND ALL OF MY FRIES SO THEN I ORDERED A DIPPED CONE AND IT TOTALLY MELTED ALL OVER ME INSTANTLY!!!!	1
13218	It was crowded and it was a little confusing to find the line but the food came fast and was consistent with other locations.  We ate in a covered outside location that was really nice.	3
13219	Would have given a 5 but the young black guy asked for my receipt for both orders after I reached for my bag but he never asked anyone else for their receipt and yes I was paying close attention.	1
13220	"The service is mediocre to put it light.. And the cleanliness of this establishment.. Well service blows that out of the water. I hate to be so dark about this, but it truly is gross."	2
13221	I want to personally talk to you if you gave macdonalds a one                                       yeah it     	5
13222	"It's McDonald's, fast and cheap and admitted one of my guilty pleasures. Sometime I just want a cheap hamburger even if I could grill up a gourmet at home."	4
13223	It was too busy! There going put the door I suggest going to the one of the many local eateries they are all much better than here	4
13224	Me and my dog went to McDonald's today I could see that they are overcrowded because the food is not that good I was very disappointed and to know that they're overworked breaks my heart cuz they're not feeding the people the way they should and they're not preparing the food properly	1
13225	My favorite McDonald's in all the world is this one. I get to eat outside or just hang outside and watch the beach goers and tourist while listening to there good choice in music over the intercom 24/7.	5
13226	"What you expect from McDonald's - cheap unhealthy fare. Went here to grab a late night bite. Got my order for a mango banana smoothie wrong, but replaced promptly."	4
13227	"The place was busy, but the food came out fast and was acceptable for a McDonald's. Overall not too bad."	4
13228	I like the way you order your food. Its all automated which is great. The food came out quickly.	4
13229	"I mean it s a McDonald, so you know what you get. At the same time the prices around the place make you wanna come here !!                              "	4
13230	The do not offer free refills on your drinks it's hot and it would be nice to get a refill I spent almost 70 bucks and they would not refill my damn drink	1
13231	"High speed good price however the quality lacked a little bit, I would have wanted to wait a little longer ked order for the quality to be better even though it is a fast food restaurant."	2
13232	Chicken Nuggets and French Fries were real good. Big plus is the Mexican Style Salsa - very tasty with a bit hot	5
13233	"Pretty sketchy the only McDonald's I've ever been to that had 2 armed guards at the entrance, food was as expected tho the new menu was hard to figure out too high tech."	3
13234	Nice area would go again :)	4
13235	drinks are not unlimited! Chips were not good! the dining table was too close to restrooms                 	2
13236	"Great service, food perfectly prepared, employee very helpful with my ordering from my McD's app, with which I was having difficulty."	5
13237	Delish coffee     	5
13238	Very bad service. Do not give receipt. Do not want to refill my soda. Bad management. I will avoid this place. Shame that Mc Donald corporation let this happen.	1
13239	Great food great costumer service very very fast with order turn around less than 3 minutes way less bums there	4
13240	"Have no intentions on downloading your app, but you won't allow me to order online and pick it up a double fail..."	1
13241	Love it.	5
13242	"I like McDonald's, I like ice cream, coffee, humberger, fresh fruit."	4
13243	This McDonald's SUCKS BIG TIME THEY CAN BITE ME	1
13244	Very bad bad bad!!!! I ordered two kids chess burger when I received my order I seated down when my daugher she oped her kids meal she told me her chess burger bite in half.	1
13245	"Just a another McD's! They have 4 do it yourself ordering kiosks where you can order and pay! They are usually fast, I waited 4 mins for my order.."	3
13246	place was kind of crowded and the waitress who took the order at the cash register was more concerned about her phone then just getting me two chicken sandwiches I'm not one to nitpick but I haven't had a job in 4 years and people like that actually get hired I just don't know where has my country gone LOL	3
13247	Not too happy with customer service they take sweet time to get you order	1
13248	Fast but too bad they don't give refills and love thst they give eco friendly straws    	5
13249	It's the only fast food place to grab a late night/early morning bite to eat in Santa Monica where you can still dine in. It's also a short walking distance from the Santa Monica Pier.	5
13250	It practically says its open 24/7 but I just went right now at 4:25 am and its not open. I called and asked what time they open and the lady that answered was really rude. Now I dont have nothing to eat for my lunch. Y'all need to change what hours are you open because its really confusing and annoying going to your store and its not even open.	1
13251	"The management and staff argues with the customers and it's like a prison, and highly prejudiced in quality of service towards fellow brown folks.  It's disgusting."	2
13252	Very clean good place to eat with the family with the economic prices	5
13253	"The employee at the register was so unprofessional, didn't greet didn't say thanks,   like if it was free.. went to get a refill turns out  they don't give any!!!! Restroom was clean..that's about it.."	2
13254	"Certainly nothing fancy but, cheap, and reliable quality. As far as the golden arches goes. This location was better than most."	4
13255	"Refused to honor coupons the franchise sold me.
Did not give me the district manager telephone when asked. They lied and gave me a customer complaint telephone number."	1
13256	"Very calming great atmosphere, friendly staff"	5
13257	Order went smooth and food was fantastic and fresh. Yay	5
13258	"It's McDonalds, the only thing that is unique is the close proximity to the Santa Monica Pier. Beware of the homeless who pester you as you walk into the restaurant.  Some will even come inside to bother you."	3
13259	The place is usually crowded but the new kiosk help a lot. The place has been cleaned up and it proved quite a bit since last year.	5
13260	a triple cheesy burg???? what is this sorcery??? actually crispy nuggets?? oh my god england up your game! large drink was bigger than my head	5
13261	Note there is no drive through on this location. The staff are very friendly and very fast.	4
13262	"good menu... fast service... lots of seating place...

hit              "	5
13263	It's McDs in Santa Monica. But this is where people without means to afford other food around here come. It's a wild ride any time of the day. Ordering is always chaos.	2
13264	"I really appreciate  the fun my Grandkids are having. So I just unwind at McDonald's with a big soda,  ice cream, and a burger. At a good price."	4
13265	The food was really good and there were a lot of tables. The food was ready pretty fast	5
13266	"Fast and friendly service
Very crowded due to it being so close to the pier"	5
13267	Need more help getting homeless out in the morning. This is a nice location in a nice place and I would love to be able to use the facilities.	5
13268	"Too many homeless ppl, hkt my order wrong workers acted rude."	1
13269	Good restaurant fresh food great service they got my orders right.	5
13270	The sheer volume of business at this McDonalds is staggering. The place is clean and the staff put the fast in the great food that they serve.	5
13271	"Too many homeless people! Also, this dinning area is quite filthy!"	1
13272	"The coffee is good. It is clean and warm and safe. Afterwards, I always regret eating there."	3
13273	This is honestly a pretty solid McDonald's for how much BS they have to deal with. They have late hours too!	4
13274	Great Deals on there app earn a free mocha frappe after 5 on the app  $2 mocha you can buy all day love McDonalds	5
13275	Skip this McDonald's. Never received any terrible service unlike this one. Better off eating street food or dumpster diving.	1
13276	"Not too bad of a location. Busy, no drive thru, but fast & friendly service!"	4
13277	Ok food not the best but decent for those looking for somthing quick. I recomend there beaccon cheeseburgers or taste craft burgers or u can go old school and order a bic mac	5
13278	"Friendly staff but the place gets shady after 11 pm. Though it's open till 3AM, i would not recommend going for late night cravings."	3
13279	It's ok for a beach side McDonalds. A bit of a homeless presence but not as bad as you would see in downtown LA.	3
13280	busy but its a good place if you want fast food bathroom Need More attention	5
13281	Got my order wrong rude and disrespectful. Worst McDonald's I've bee to	1
13282	Got my order wrong. Didn't make it right. Too many fiends approach diners. This location lost a $30-$80 a week customer today. 5/7/18	1
13283	All my food items was fresh will come to this restaurant again	5
13284	I liked the service and the food was better than my local McDonald's.	4
13285	Very nice McDonald               	5
13286	The problem is with these Mexican cashiers.When they have s Mexican customer they all know each other.So after they order.They chit chat.Even when it busy..plus they get better customer thsn the Whites do.And that to me is discrmmation	2
13287	Awful! awful! Awful!!!  bad service never going back.Girl calling out the numbers was wispering them on purpose so customer wouldnt hear for tbeir orders!	1
13288	"Wen you buy 20 peace chiken naget or more aniway you can have only 4ouce  ,,that not cool carl      "	1
13289	"Way too many homeless hang our here, makes the place and area seem dangerous and dirty.
Restrooms were not so clean   "	1
13290	Clean place even crowded. Even the food seems high quality also free parking. Near Santa Monica Pier	5
13291	I gotta have my mcdonalds dl the app for steals	5
13292	Duh duh duh duh duhhhhh I                           m lovin it. It           	3
13293	I order a large combo and they gave me less price than what I pay for and the lady didn't give me my receipt or ketchup or honey-mud very rude people never going there again	1
13294	"Good location and friendly staff,  but lots of homeless people in and around the restaurant"	2
13295	"Every time i visited outside Bangladesh,it was trusted food for us..Everytime i bite in the burger i enjoy.."	5
13296	Horrible customer service and they will get your order wrong more often than not. Still horrible customer service 2 mths later.	1
13297	Like the new look and their own parking garage. Didn't like the automated machines taking over the the actual staff.	3
13298	"If you don't stop at this McDonald's after the beach, you are weird."	4
13299	Fast dependable service.  Excellent outdoor pavilion.	5
13300	Very nice very quiet very efficient not chaotic the way it used to be a very big Improvement go visit	3
13301	I love this place I like  to see the people who  enjoy their time.	4
13302	"Toilets can get manic and get big queues as it's right near the pier, everything else is what you expect from a typical McDonalds"	4
13303	I always have bad experience with drive through. Always missing something from my order	1
13304	The girl taking orders couldn't understand even after I drove up to the window...at the end my order was wrong as usual	2
13305	"Actually a really good McDonald's , the food seemed higher quality than normal and I actually bought more afterwards because it was better than expected."	5
13306	Very pack at times but staff are still giving orders           	4
13307	Service is great but the restaurant has a smell of homeless all over.	3
13308	Doing a good job for the amount of business that comes in daily.... but try to be patient.... mistakes happening often	5
13309	Not the best one I have been in. Time in line was long and food was wrong. Disgusting bathroom	2
13310	"Very friendly services, nice and clean, I felt  comfortable eating inside."	5
13311	The food that they sell here is great you should always get the hamburgers fries and the soda drink coca cola is best	4
13312	Typical MacDons. You CAN go in here and just use the bathroom for all my folks looking for bathrooms you don't have to pay for around SM.	4
13313	Bad service gave us sparkling water instead of sprite also it takes about 45 minutes to just get a vanila cone and your food	2
13314	"The people there were kind of annoying, but the food did look like the the commercials, or close enough. Nice place close to the pier."	4
13315	It was really nice that they had the outdoor seating open.	5
13316	"Nice customer service skills but about 250% more than your neighborhood McDonald's, unless you live in this neighborhood    "	3
13317	Went twice to order a big order of food and both times our food was not ready on time and the large orders were not done correctly. Something was missing on both occassions.	2
13318	"Food ok, not good with kids, dirty and lot of weird and homeles people. Better avoid and try subway next door."	2
13319	"Worst McDonald's I have been to,  Spanish is fine but you must know more than the menu and currency  in English..they looked at me like I was dumb when I tried to explain a problem using words that weren't on the menu"	1
13320	"Fast and clean, what else do you ask from a McDonalds? Certainly not high quality food...    "	4
13321	"Food was warm it WAs ok.
There is security in the joint tho and just crazy but het it's la"	3
13322	Location left adjacent off the train station and a couple of blocks from the pier but also very crowded so check your food	3
13323	I found a hair in my food.	1
13324	Same as other McDonald's and somewhat crowed	5
13325	Always crowded nice clean restroom food tasted great as expected the only bad thing was no refills	5
13326	"Too many bums, transients, vagabonds, crack heads and beggars flowing through these doors. Very disturbing to say the least. I hope to never return."	1
13327	Its mc donalds...its close 2 my home..its usual fast and the food it hot	5
13328	It's small and packed but they were pretty fast for the food.	4
13329	"It had dirty bathrooms and the service was very slow for fast food,besides that the food was good."	3
13330	Crowded but prompt service. Got order right. Accommodating. Easier than I thought.	5
13331	"My visit was just to get a gift card, and this location is very unorganized. Not clean in the dining room area at all."	2
13332	"BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. THEY LEFT MY FOOD OUTSIDE FOR 10 MIN BEFORE THEY SERVED ME. WHEN THEY WERE ABOUT TO SERVE ME, THEY FINALLY COVERED MY FOOD; BY THE WAY, I WAS WATCHING THEM THE ENTIRE TIME. HORRIBLE SERVICE."	1
13333	Not to much of a fan of the menu but some of the ice coffee drinks are good. This location is always busy and full not the cleanest ether.	2
13334	don't shop here if you like refills on your drinks you'll find out that this is the only McDonald's in the world that doesn't give free refills unfortunately	1
13335	Fast friendly but not so much if you're homeless	4
13336	"Macdonald always is easy on pockets on budgets, and thank God this was clean the way I remember it used to be."	5
13337	"Unsafe experience.
Lots of homeless people inside and out.A few even smoking weed.
Place was too dirty."	2
13338	Id like drink my coffee with black straw.	1
13339	I had to navigate around some homeless people to go inside. Some of them must have sat in the chairs because the chair I sat in smelled of sweat. I changed to another table and it was dirty. I'll never go back to this McDonald's.	1
13340	"Good hot food but a lot of homeless people, they have security though."	4
13341	"Horrible!!!!.employees with attitude, I ordered one chicken deluxe grilled and medium fries and they tossed the fries to the tray. The whole order was cold too.
Thanks for nothing.!!!!"	1
13342	"Clean and organized mcdonald's with friendly personnel.
Attention: The Restrooms are locked for public!!!
You need to ask!"	4
13343	Shared an enjoyable lunch with a friend on the patio. I had a quarter cheese and fries and diet Dr. Pepper.	5
13344	Take out was great and fast specially at that time.	5
13345	Very Beautyfull	5
13346	Outdoor seating was nice and the facility was very clean. Staff were very nice.	5
13347	Very clean and fast. Despite the occasional  homeless begger asking for change.	4
13348	"In the heart of Santa Monica where there is no parking anywhere, it's a breath of fresh air to see a stree-level Under-Building Parking for McDonalds."	5
13349	Not a bad McDonald's at all considering how busy it was. A lot of good people watching here.	4
13350	Too many homeless outside and inside the restaurant	1
13351	The service was adequate and there was a lot of seating space for the group I went with.	4
13352	"Even though it is crowded, I feel it was pretty fast and efficient to grab a bite."	5
13353	"Worst McDonald's ever. Unfriendly staff, they don't pay attention to what they're doing. Place isn't clean. They're rude to homeless people."	1
13354	Oh it was so good and the pie was great!	5
13355	It was okay but they only had 2 apple pies when I wanted 4. Other than that its aight.	4
13356	I had a fly in my mc flurry...and i got yelled at about it ... im sorry.. last i checked the customer was right...	2
13357	Alright service but could use some more speed in handing out ordres with less aduittud	3
13358	"Terrible food, order delivered incomplete."	1
13359	Least expensive place to eat by the Santa Monica Pier very clean with great service	5
13360	Very fast and friendly one of the best MCDONALD'S I have eaten in awhile.	4
13361	This Mcds is so busy.  I guess cuz its so cloe to Santa Monica Pier.   Lots of people and lots of homeless people outside.	3
13362	Quick not busy and clean with good customer service.	4
13363	They will let you use the bathroom.Give you a cup of water and amidst all the huddle.and bustle they still treat you well.	5
13364	I had a great expericence but a lot of prices got bumped up because it 3rd street	4
13365	"Very, very busy but the staff did a great job of keeping it orderly"	5
13366	Super fancy expensive lots of eye candy	5
13367	"This mc donald is nice,great service and on top of all affordable and clean restroom"	4
13368	No refills on soda pop?! They also saved money by not giving me my breakfast sausage. Two s though for having the lights on.	2
13369	"The staff takes your order fast, and your food is ready fast too."	5
13370	Slow as far as service goes..	4
13371	Just can't get enough of those french    	4
13372	            FULL OF CRAZY HOMELESS PEOPLE...BUT             GOOD HOT FRESH FOOD AND OPEN 24 HRS  FOR LATE NIGHT'S    	5
13373	Easy & FREE parking and surprisngly clean and secure for how many people pass through.	5
13374	can't stand their food it gives me a stomach ache and cramps and makes me sick to my stomach every time I eat there the only thing I can tolerate is a salad	1
13375	A typical McD with a good place to sit n relax with awesome food	5
13376	"The service took forever, sat in the drive thru for 30minutes and when we finally got our food all the orders were wrong."	1
13377	They are open for take-out and drive-through they don't accept EBT	3
13378	Nice McDonald's very close to Santa Monica Pier - busy but fast service	5
13379	"Worst McDonald's in santa Monica  ,  every time I order they always get my order wrong and the miss count my exact change just a bunch of special ed kids in there running the place"	1
13380	Hotspot for the homeless. Some people were very rude and bothering little kids. This seems routine and manager didn't do anything to remove these people.	2
13381	"They made 3 mistakes on my order, once,  twice, ok but 3, makes me think they are not paying attention"	1
13382	Bad service. Rude cashiers. Wanted a number 2 and somehow ended up with 2 cheeseburgers. Very crowded.	1
13383	"Employee have bad attitude.. I used WiFi.i spent my money..to eat good food
..."	1
13384	The busiest McDonald's in SoCal. But good food and efficient order processing.	4
13385	"There are too many bums roaming the place without proper covid protection, stay away if you want to live!!"	1
13386	Proper Nice food. Hash Browns were banging. Defo Recommend.	5
13387	"There was people fighting in there, it was honestly disturbing and the food was overpriced from what other mc donalds are like."	3
13388	"2 because I had to dodge beggars and also because I got charged for a refill, that must be a California thing, but it's uncalled for."	2
13389	We love it.           	4
13390	This place doesn't offer any of McDonald's nationwide deals. Also no refills on any drinks.	2
13391	Some Mc Donald's cook the best Bic Mac such as Santa Monica	5
13392	"I like chicken nuggets, so I like this place"	5
13393	My first time there and it doesn't have drive thru	4
13394	Well i like any MCDONALD'S but now there is ting to be more homeless people now	3
13395	The food is always fresh over here and fast service	5
13396	Dead zone for cell service? Odd.	3
13397	a little dirty but the place was packed	3
13398	Cheese was not melted in my cheese burger. French fries were good though	3
13399	Best food I've ever tasted in my entire life.	5
13400	"this McDonald's was full of homeless people, and they had a security guard at the door and there was no place to sit because all the homeless people had all the tables."	2
13401	Good to grab a quick bite but most of the time is pretty full	4
13402	"Mic Rib sucks has to be great, now it's a thin price of who knows what"	1
13403	Good	4
13404	The worst McDonald's ever 6 people got their order before us mind you we only ordered 2large fries and 2 cones yet all the people that ordered after us got the food ahead of us bs	1
13405	Pathetic place. It is so dirty inside. Very poor customer service. First time I had a bad experience in McD	1
13406	Fast and friendly service...but full of weird people and homeless guys.	3
13407	Mmm Burger today tastes as good as a burger tomorrow.  Or the same burger in 30 years. Mmmm	5
13408	"Great McDonald's 24 hours on the weekend, they put up with alot give them a break"	5
13409	Was a great decision to make a quick stop awesome service and point ordinance.	5
13410	McDonald I bought a something to eat there to buy a ice cream and cooking too and food to eat too it was good ?..	5
13411	"Too many weird people around, the crew it's tough with customers and sometimes the food comes to you cold"	2
13412	I hate that they got rid of the self serve drinks but I understand they have a homeless issue.	5
13413	Holy smokes.Busiest McDonald's I've ever seen.And those people were killing it.Nice Job.	4
13414	"Good price and nice cool soft drinks, particular like the ice tea."	5
13415	"Great location, menu, cleanliness and quality/price ratio."	4
13416	Food was not good.  Friendly service from team members.	2
13417	Only because I used the online ordering through there app and it was a mess but still the best MC	3
13418	So slow for a coffee and mcflurry	1
13419	"The restrooms are dirty and need more attention,also tables needs to get clean more often."	4
13420	Have ted going here more often without trepidation since they've cleaned it up.	5
13421	"It was very busy, but the wait was no long at all."	5
13422	"They were quick, and pleasant to do business with. Amen.     "	3
13423	Rush rush rush you out. No refills. Paid $9.50 for a quarter pounder meal and no refill!	3
13424	"I have a baby who needed a diaper change.. And they have no changing tables ! :(
I had to change my baby in a little corner where we were sitting ... :("	1
13425	"Horrible experience, dirty restaurant and homeless people sleeping inside.  I was going to eat in but I left right away."	1
13426	"The manager is rude and speaks to her employees in spanish to insult customers,  Security guard was creepy"	1
13427	Alot of homelessness but with the volume they have they pump the food out fast .	3
13428	"Fairly busy, staff friendly."	4
13429	Very polite employees and excellent service very well managed	5
13430	It was OK the people at the counter look at you like they don't want you there its not cool and you ruin my day	3
13431	WOW. Different looking mcdonells with nice interior. Lot's of self service screens.	5
13432	"The worst Macdonald's that I have never been befor, dirty, crowded of homeless people and unfriendly staff ."	1
13433	Drug addicts loitering at the entrance during Covid 19 pandemic- not cool.  	3
13434	"Garbage, unhealthy and overpriced food.Stay away if you love your healthy life styles"	1
13435	This McDonald's can't get their act together please take down the sign and close the dam place down..1st diet coke flat order was wrong..close this place DOWN	2
13436	Service was more than slow and didnt even get my order right	1
13437	The person at the Drive threw window is Awesome Thank You Jaden.	5
13438	Terrible fries. Only thing i ever order yet they couldnt do it correctly. They had one job! So sad.	2
13439	Cold fries. Property full of bums. One even got aggressive toward me and asked for my French fries.	2
13440	"Eh nice service, it was fast and very crowded it was difficult to seat and eat."	3
13441	Great and fast service even if it is very crowded!	5
13442	Cheap fast food open late	5
13443	"A lot of fake non homeless beggars around , same dog with a different person begging with him every day"	3
13444	THE LOCATION IS A DRUG DEN RIGHT UNDER THE STAFFS NOSE. SECURITY IS A JOKE. THE CHOPPY ENGLISH OF THE MORNING MCDONALD'S FRONT LINE AND THE SECURITY STAFF LOOK LIKE AGING GANG MEMBERS	2
13445	"cheap good for a quick filler...busy but,fast service! One block from pier..."	5
13446	"Always ridiculously crowded, but quick and good service."	4
13447	This place gets crazy busy but what I don't like is that you didn't get free refills on sodas.	3
13448	Crowded. Kind of unorganized. Food was so-so. No free refills on drinks??? Santa Monica is Boujie!	3
13449	Slow service and terrible location. It's like homeless central in there	4
13450	Has great deals on all food	5
13451	Quick and prompt service. Excellent Food A+	5
13452	The attitude from lady who delivers the orders to the tables unacceptable. She trows the ketchup.	4
13453	Very fast.  Great coffee. Accurate order fulfills.	5
13454	Place is dirty. Also ordered a strawberry sundae all melted..	3
13455	What can I say.  Its McDonalds.  They quality is good and consistent.	5
13456	I love the food and the area. I will come back	5
13457	Seems like they just want u out of there now days	1
13458	"Very bad service, pushing customers out of their parking lot in half an hour!"	1
13459	"They are very busy, the employees are diligent."	5
13460	As with most McDonald's it was clean and fast serving times!	5
13461	"a little small, but cheap and a good way to have a quick meal"	4
13462	NO REFILLS? C'MON               	1
13463	Good McDonald fast food to go to. Safe location and good service.	4
13464	Worst McDonalds ever!  Have the slowest service and  rude cashier	1
13465	"How many homeless people loitering around the building, makes customers feel uncomfortable"	3
13466	Terrible customer service. Ruby was one of the rudest people I        	2
13467	Fresh good fast bite to eat inexpensive with the app and value menu	5
13468	Fast taking orders but a long line to wait	4
13469	Typical McDonalds food. Only reason I gave this 3 is there are too many schizophrenic homeless people there.	3
13470	Not very nice inside or out. Very crowded & packed with homeless people.	3
13471	Had fruit parfait. Should increase more healthier options	3
13472	Bad customer service! No beverage refill and no sauce place.	2
13473	They give your order to other people they are so rude after the fact	1
13474	Great too!	5
13475	Very dirty and bathrooms were closed. Standard MD food otherwise.	2
13476	They stay open late and have good wifi.	5
13477	"Great,  locaton, busy place, good service,  free parking."	5
13478	It was good but it gave me heartburn really bad.	3
13479	Very rude and impolite clerks. Aweful customer service.	1
13480	As standard... good service and good food	5
13481	Standard McDonald's. For some reason they charge more for the apple pie's than other locations. Always a lot of homeless people camping out.	3
13482	Constant fast food chain when they get your orders correct	3
13483	Bitchen	3
13484	"Very busy, very growded and not so tidy. Staff was friendly."	3
13485	Best place for a budget no questions asked.	5
13486	Went for morning coffee and the cashier ladies are just wonderful.	3
13487	Waited over 20min for 2 coffees. The cash register issued a bad number	3
13488	They had a great parking lot they had a great parking lot	5
13489	Good	5
13490	It's alright but it really needs friendlier employee.	4
13491	Nice service but word xperience with sicked homeless	1
13492	"Very well managed, heavy traffic, but still quick!"	5
13493	"The lines are a bit long, but fast service."	4
13494	Drinks are nice and within budget. Fries are standard.	5
13495	"Someone took my order, I had to wait a little longer but they made it work the wait they made up for there mistake."	5
13496	Food was good but it was very crowded.	3
13497	Better since no dinning inside	4
13498	Not my favorite location. Fairly sketchy with kids.	3
13499	I have been trying to reach the location by phone and all I get is ringing then a fax sound it's been 20 hours!I lost wallet in their & very frustrating.	1
13500	Securities were rude. Messy and they forgot my order.	1
13501	It's a McDonald's. They serve McDonald's here. Outdoor seating available.	4
13502	Too many crazy homeless people and prices are more expensive than regular mcdonalds	2
13503	Much better than the ones back home in the UK	5
13504	Homeless people smelling too bad asking for money and food while you trying to eat and nobody does anything ...    	1
13505	McDonald's is trash food you all know that	3
13506	Original McDonald's site museum.  Lot of memorabilia's. Donated by many people that bought or worked there.	5
13507	Delivering a great experience anywhere in the world. Had a great meal.	5
13508	Busy place with good service. Free Wifi for travellers	3
13509	Omg no refill on drink and forgot my son's nuggets	3
13510	"Avoid this one, if possible. Homelesses and crews are not so friendly either. Priced are higher here too."	1
13511	They didnt get my order right and my food was cold	1
13512	"Not too crowded, so service was great"	4
13513	Watch out for the punk ass security and his taxed ready to taze innocent homeless women!	1
13514	Very busy store but food is what you expect from a maccas	4
13515	Thanks for my burnt buttermilk chicken sandwhich on my birthday    	4
13516	Service is good and fast.	5
13517	Love the fish o filet!!	5
13518	Terrible service we was waiting for two smoothies that we never got.	1
13519	"Busy, alot of people and very not clean in the sitting area"	2
13520	Slow as a frozen pig and service was no good	1
13521	Always friendly and quick service. As well as clean .	4
13522	Service wasn't all the friendly.	4
13523	Bad customer service and took over 30 minutes for an iced coffee..	1
13524	Like the food it has parking bad thing it doesn't have a drive trough	4
13525	They don't have combo items.  this place is so busy.	2
13526	Shouldn't be impossible to serve lunch 5 min early	1
13527	How do y'all run out of spicy chicken sandwiches?	3
13528	"Great Service w/ Smile ,   "	5
13529	Worst service at a mcdonalds ever and homeless people vacate the toilet.	1
13530	Automated ordering kiosks are a great addition to cut down waiting time.	5
13531	They actually have the glazed nuggets and the ice cream machine is always on !!	5
13532	"Very fast, clean place. Perfect"	5
13533	Take to long	3
13534	All i ordered was a soda and it took half an hour to get one.	1
13535	Real rude manager refused to take my order and was rude to her helper	1
13536	They make the best hotcakes and frappes. No kidding	4
13537	Location is awesome. Public restroom is lifesaver	5
13538	I make this mistake every once in a while.  It is terrify at night with all the homeless.	2
13539	I ever arrive here when I visit Pier cause it's cheaper than restaurants.	5
13540	Very very very bad work ethic......all crews need to be replaced	1
13541	"It's McDonalds. It is what it is. You want fast, cheap, food then this is the place."	5
13542	Busy...could be slightly cleaner.	3
13543	Very big.  Lots of space for sitting	5
13544	Rapid service - fastest McDonalds I've seen so far.	5
13545	The homeless people made it a lot more interesting.	5
13546	It's clean and there	5
13547	"Can be real crowded at lunchtime, doesn't take EBT cards"	3
13548	Clean facility.. nice kiosk to order!	4
13549	"Very small place, the coffee wasn't so good, very crowded"	2
13550	"Nice location! Good weather, good food."	4
13551	Maybe it's famous but I don't recommend it to you.	3
13552	Great as always. Good shopping in area.	5
13553	"Clean place, nice people, good food."	4
13554	Horrible customer service	1
13555	Close to the pier	5
13556	"Crowded, but they always keep it clean and safe"	4
13557	Didnt buy food.. just sit down to check my email	5
13558	YOU KNOW MCDONALD'S	1
13559	Great fast food and service	5
13560	Many people but good food	4
13561	ILoveMacFonald.make me Beautyful flashback. :)	5
13562	Your basic McDonald's experience.	3
13563	Better now theres less bums inside	3
13564	Very busy place just stopped for coffee	4
13565	Chicken nuggets well done crispy n fries	5
13566	Nice place with outdoor seating area.	5
13567	Super busy and messy. Toilet required staff to open	3
13568	"Big 24 hour service restaurant, with outdoor seating."	5
13569	Nice location.. the food is terrible	3
13570	"Soda is not refil and you ask for napkin,  catch up..."	1
13571	"Great experience. Food was great, the ice cream machine was working. You can take the elevator or the stairs upstairs for the arcade fun. Also side note I did lost my phone while here and the employee was so great I wish I had her name but she made finding my phone a priority. Me and my family will be returning here again next time we              "	5
13572	"The staffs were very friendly and our food was good. The facility was clean. They were very busy and our food was was good. However, our food was not delivered until about 30 minutes after we placed our order. We wanted to try McDonald                           s pasta. I   "	4
13573	"Love the world's largest McDonald's.  Has a kids Play Place, fun arcade upstairs, elevator, can order pizza and many other cool menu items.

Although usually busy, service is on pace. Got my meal in about 15 minutes.  I love this location. Found parking in about 10 minutes."	5
13574	"My experience visiting this place was not good. It was not because the place that is a nice building with many things to do specially for kids but for the service. This McDonald's offers Pasta and Pizza and I had the terrible idea of order a pizza along with many other things. I have to wait more then an hour and 15 minutes for it.  The place was plenty of tourists many of them in groups like mine and most of them had the same problem. The staff attention was not good. They were overwhelmed and didn't warning about the long waiting time. In some cases one hour and a half. This is considered the largest McDonald's in the World so it is another tourist attraction in the city. They should improve their service, especially in the pizza area. As a positive comment, I received a second ration of one of my orders for free in retribution for the long wait. My recomendation is not to order pizza if you are in a hurry, with a large group and during busy times."	2
13575	"This McDonald                           s is one of the nicest and coolest McDonald                           s I                           ve ever been to. It is a two story McDonald                           s with a play place and an arcade. They offer non traditional menu options, such as build your own pasta, ravioli, pizza, cake, cheese cake, etc. it truly is a one of a kind McDonald           "	4
13576	"The aesthetic of this location was really cool. There is a huge arcade inside as well as play area for kids. Two floors, tons of seating, an aquarium and a bunch of other cool stuff. I was expecting a little better service and food quality with it being the largest McDonald's in the country. It was cool to be able to order pizza and pasta since that is not something typically available at McDonald's but as expected, it wasn't incredibly flavorful. Prices were a bit higher than normal McDonald's as well but with all the extras at the restaurant that makes sense."	3
13577	"The World largest McDonald's is a must to visit if you have kids. Besides the typical menu items, you can order pasta and pizza, customized to order. The dessert menu is not a large selection but pretty tasty. Only downside is the wait for the food ... about 30 minutes for us so the food was room temperature when we received it. Of course, the kids can and will spend hours exploring the play area and arcade (a few of the games were out of order and not many prizes to choose from). The place was packed when we visited. Overall a good experience!"	5
13578	"Hands down best McDonald's ever!! We loved the game room.
The prices were so reasonable, $25 was more than enough chips to play for as long as we wanted.
They restaurant was clean, the food was fresh and staff was friendly. It also had an elevator that goes to and from the game room and restaurant."	5
13579	"World largest McDonald's. Food is the same, they have pizza and pasta too. The seating and ordering process was quick and easy, but actually getting the food on time together was a challenge.

Our burgers came in fairly fast 10 minutes or so, but pizza took 30 minutes+ from the time when we ordered it. I had to come down and ask for my order for them to give me the pizza.

Honestly, this worth a single visit, especially the playground if you have kids. If you looking for a quick bite, I would go to the other locations with less people and quicker service."	4
13580	"It is called the largest McDonald                           s in the world! Exterior looks great and interior as well. Two storied building with play area for the kids. Mainly because of the world famous universal studio and Disney park and the other tourist facilities this McDonald                           s is always busy. However, it                           s not among the best in terms of service quality! Long waiting for the order! No matter you use the kiosk or go to the counter to order your food, get prepared to wait longer than usual McDonald    "	3
13581	"Wow!! Every McDonald                           s should be like this place in my opinion. They have arcade games and a playground all in the second floor. Kids love it here we easy spend about 2 hours, playing and eating and playing again. All food orders are made using the kiosks on the first floor and you take a number and find yourself a table. Your order will be brought to yo"	5
13582	"This place is huge! Large play place and fun arcade.

Pizza at McDonalds?! Yup, we tried it. Overall it was delicious and had great flavor, although the crust was a little thin for my liking.

Overall fairly clean, floors were a little sticky. Bathrooms were clean."	4
13583	We couldn't wait to visit!!! The atmosphere is a little hectic but the food is amazing! Definitely not food you would eat at your hometown McDonalds. Highly recommend the pesto pasta and chocolate peanut butter cake. Don't forget to visit the arcade and play center upstairs. Watch your child's face light up when you pull into the parking lot!! Highly recommend	5
13584	The only reason i am giving this McDonald                           s a 3 is because of how dirty the bathrooms were! The food was good and the arcade they had was fun. I                    	3
13585	"This location is nice and they deliver the food to your table. Only 4 though because the food was cold when it arrived. Probably would have given it 3, but I got 2 extra nuggets in my happy meal."	4
13586	"If you love McDonald's this is the place to go. They say it's the world's largest McDonald's. The menu is definitely a bit different with pizza, pasta and waffles as options. There was even an arcade upstairs and a elevator to get up. The sign says the restaurant is open 24-7 which is nice when leaving the amusement parks."	5
13587	"We had the best time visiting the Largest McDonald's in the World!  This place is GREAT!  A must see if you're in the area!  I had the pizza and it was fantastic!  Next time, I'll try the pasta!  Staff was super friendly & helpful as well!"	5
13588	"Great experience. We came here on a recent trip to Orlando. They have a large selection of foods. They also serve pizza and pasta. There is a large bakery selection. On the second floor you can dine at one of the many tables or play in the large arcade. There is a large kids play area, but that is currently closed due to COVID."	5
13589	"World                           s biggest McDonald                           s. They serve Pizza and Pasta here, I tried them both.
To be honest I didn                           t know what to expect from the pasta but I guess i"	4
13590	This place was HUGE & very busy. All of the upstairs was a play jungle gym & an arcade along with some seating. A very diverse menu..the usual but also fire oven pizza bad pasta. I                           m giving it three because it was SO slow. I know 	3
13591	"Very cool place, got food on menu you will not see at any other McDonald's.  The pasta was cool but not the best. Service was really good.  Had a good time..."	4
13592	"Overall a good experience at this McDonald's, the largest in Florida, if not the country a very big place. I actually did not go upstairs to the arcade area, just ate and ran. But additional options here, pizza and pasta, I had both and both equally good                                     .  A little longer wait for those items, so expect the additional cook"	4
13593	"Came in on a Thursday night after a Magic game around 10:15 pm for the first time.  It was crowded with adults and children.  The ordering lines were long and playground was 70% full.  Seeing a few people with luggage and felt this could be there first or last meal in Orlando.  This is the biggest McDonald's in the world and the menus are different too, with pizza and pasta.  We tried the pizza and it was actually pretty good."	5
13594	"Well, I guess I checked something off my bucket list I didn't even know I had... The WORLD'S biggest McDonald's?! How cool!! Pasta on dishware - at McDonald's?! Yes please! The place was a madhouse, but worth it for the experience. It was our first night visiting Orlando so we didn't let our kiddo run around the H U G E play area... I know, kinda mean. But the amount of children in it and not knowing how often it was cleaned had me a little nervous. Definitely worth the visit, even for just a cheeseburger! And KUDOS to all employees, this place is NUTS! AND a drive-thru?! Bless y'all."	4
13595	"This was a great experience. I was staying at Orlando for a week and this was one of the places I wanted to go to. The pizza was really good, Mac tonight was also there which was mind blowing. My only complain was the pizza was pretty greasy, but other then that, I would recommend this for people staying at Orlando"	4
13596	Fantastic restaurant. You must visit when in Orlando. The service was good. The wait time for the premium menu items was reasonable. It was very clean and the staff was exceptional.	5
13597	"The food was quality but service took a while.

I liked the food a lot. I had heard of the location having pizza and pasta so I got both. I also got a large fries a burger and drinks. Me and my party enjoyed the food and honestly the pizza was in some ways better than other pizza places.

Only con:
I'd recommend going through the drive through and not getting the special items only because the wait when you order pizza or pasta is increasing fast. Not sure if this is a regular issue but seems like when I have gone it's like this."	4
13598	"Not entirely sure what I expected when going to the worlds largest                            McDonalds                            - I mean it                           s just a fast food place right? Wrong.

The place is huge - brick ovens for thin and crispy pizzas, hand crafted pasta and speciality meal stations, the everyday McDonald                           s kitchen then followed by a staircase to an arcade, playhouse and more sit down area.

The pizza was only $10 after toppings. It was a small personal pie - thin and crispy b"	4
13599	"Great place for the kids, playground  and playroom are great. I recommend  you the 30 min for just $5 play card while waiting for your food... it can take longer that other McDonald, very busy place."	4
13600	This by far is one of the coolest McDonald's you will ever go to! It apparently is one of the largest in the world and is 3 to 4tories tall! It has a special menu that is only designed for this McDonald's specifically which makes it extremely unique.. they have made to order pastas and pizzas.. now I went today at 1:15 in the afternoon in order to pizza and I got it within 15 minutes.. but before warned if you go during a busy time it could take up to 45 minutes.. and unfortunately that is the downfall dislocation is on Sand Lake Road which is in a tourism driven area off of International Drive and it is one of the busiest locations you will ever go to.. if you go during one of these peak times it is unbelievable how busy and how disorganized the location can actually be... but when they are firing on all cylinders it can be a fantastic experience... when you get the pieces or the pastas it is absolutely high and restaurant quality... it's literally amazing to go into a McDonald's for god sakes.. and get restaurant quality food of this caliber.. my pizza is Ace stone Brick Oven fired pizza and it is fantastic! And it was only a little over $11 with tax that is wonderful.. if you're ever in the area you should definitely try it   	5
13601	"Had to check out worlds largest McDonalds. 2 pizza                           s took 40 minutes to come out. Customer service was nice, didn                       "	4
13602	"I went two times during my visit at Orlando, the first one I took a pizza, it was s great experience have pizza at a McDonalds franchise, the cons is that took about 50min to my pizza get done. Second time a ordered a Deluxe Crispy Chicken and it was great, fast service, nothing to complain."	4
13603	Overall great place to just look... just look... The pizza was not the disappointment but the decision in ordering the pizza. If anyone wants to eat nasty pizza I recommend buying frozen pizza. It takes 30 mins to get the pizza upon ordering it. It has no cheese and the toppings were underwhelming. The frozen pizza in your local grocery might be a better option.	1
13604	"We are in Orlando Florida celebrating my son's 13th birthday so why not check out the world's largest McDonald's.
The place is huge with people from all places checking it out too.
It's 2nd floor is full of arcade games and a children's play area.
They have a pasta and pizza section with a brick oven.
They have multiple touch screen ordering kiosks with people always in queue.
I ordered online with the McDonald's app and picked it up in store or else I would have waited in line.
The whole store is bright and clean including the restrooms.
One thing you like about McDonald's it's the same flavor anywhere in the world you go."	5
13605	"This place can be such a Hotspot since it's so special with having pasta pizza waffles and is so unique, but compared to other McDonald's the taste of even a cheeseburger wasn't great. The only highlight was the service the place was clean and the staff very attentive. But good service alone is not enough of the burgers are bad."	3
13606	This is the busiest McDonald's Ive ever been to. They have the process of customer care down to a science. If you order to go use a kiosk because eating in could take a while because a server has to walk the food over. They have a pastry cafe and the play area is massive. The employees are nice and gave great service. Just a heads up. I would avoid the drive thru between the hours of 7am-Midnight. Those are the times when people are either going or coming from theme park.	5
13607	Kids love mickey d's so we had to stop by. You order from a kiosk and wait for your number to be called. Thought it was weird they didn't have the hot n spicy but it was pretty cool just to be there. They do have pizza and pasta but we opted to stick to the originals we know. Game room is small but again it's all about the experience.  Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed:)	4
13608	"This ""Big McDonalds"" is a very nice establishment. The staff seemed to be efficient and friendly. Even better than the food was the arcade $5 for 30 mins of unlimited play. (A few games are broken but that was okay) If you choose to buy credits instead you can buy things with the tickets you earn. (Like chuck'e'cheese)

Note: The playplace is currently closed due to covid, it will soon open according to my sources though."	5
13609	This McDonald                           s is known as the                            biggest                          	5
13610	"The Play Place, and mini arcade, on the second floor definitely make this place! The food is actually brought out to you which is nice and there are some novel items on the menu, but it's still just McDonalds (with higher prices). Is definitely worth stopping at if you have child that likes the Play Places!"	4
13611	"This McDonald's is definitely a must be location if you're a fan of the Big Mac, the pizza is surprisingly good the staff is super kind they constantly ask you if you need help her if everything is good.

There's plenty of tables to accommodate everybody, wait time and fast.

And if you're Coca-Cola connoisseur the soda fountain is perfect.

Super clean upstairs as a full arcade really cool if you have kids definitely stop by here you have a chance."	5
13612	"This being billed as the largest McDonalds in the world, I had to stop and see it. It is certainly BIG. They have a dessert station, brick oven for pizza and huge play area for the kids. When I stopped it was busy and the employees were friendly and helpful. The restaurant and dining area appeared clean, which is difficult to do in a high volume fast food restaurant. I just grabbed a burger and shake and it was typical McDonalds."	5
13613	This place is really busy. Not your average McDonald                           s they serve pasta desserts and pizza at this location. We waited about 25-30 minutes for 2 happy meals. Only went here for the experience. I will staff the staff was very professional and polit	5
13614	Awesome to be able to say I was at the biggest McDonald                           s in the world! It                           s massive with multiple levels which includes a play area as well as an arcade with some Very cool games to 	3
13615	"BIGGEST MCDONALD'S IN THE WORLD!!!

We drove by this McDonald's and talked about how it was probably one of the biggest McDonald's in the world. After googling it it was! So we had to stop in!

It was definitely a cool experience. They offer More options than just the traditional McDonald's. We did build our own pasta and the pasta was excellent!

They also offer pizzas and different pastry options. Like cheesecake, cake, ice cream specialties.

This is a two-level McDonald's but looks to be four stories.

The first floor is the dining and kitchen. Second floor is a large play place that's two storage tall and they also have a arcade where you can earn points towards toy prizes. Kind of like Chuck e cheese..

We spent a few hours here It's spent around $30 for four of us. So it wasn't that bad.

Definitely cool to say you into the biggest McDonald's in the world!"	5
13616	"This is a very unique location. They offer pasta and pizza, something you would not find at any other McDonald's. They have a huge Play area for kids and a nice number of play machine la that requiere a play card. Imagine some sort of chuck e cheese but in a 2tories building. Unfortunately, it is just like many other McDonald's, food is ok service is bad and place is a mess."	3
13617	"Pretty awesome place. On top of your standard items, they sell pasta, pizza and pastries. Surprisingly, the pizza and pasta was quite good, for McDonalds. The place also offers a very reasonable arcade, $5 unlimited play for 30 minutes. The only draw back to the timed purchase is that you don't earn tickets. They do have a trade in booth with prizes for your tickets.
Overall, we came here for the experience of going to the world's largest McDonalds and came out pretty satisfied with the while experience. Enjoy y'all!"	5
13618	"Massive size, diverse menu, and captivating ambiance. Arcade games, play area, and free Wi-Fi add to the fun. Minor wait times during peaks. Highly recommended for MCDs enthusiasts. The mcpizza and other menu items I have never seen before. The prices are higher and there are many, many people here. Cool to visit and see."	4
13619	"Dude!                                                                                          ""world's largest McDonald's,"" But it is NOT the world's largest McDonald's parking lot! There was hardly enough parking for cars, let alone bigger vehicles.
We have a 26 ft Class C RV. There is no oversized parking. We got lucky with parking, but others did not.

But seriously, If your family likes McDonald's, this McDonald's is worth it!
We ordered pizza and chocolate cake.. at McDonald's!
(Cake was delicious! Pizza was ...not terrible)                                     

But the most memorable part was the second floor. Not only is there an incredible, gigantic three-story all enclosed play place (with a single entry/exit point!) There is also an extremely large arcade with all sorts of v""around a corner"" and can't be seen from the dining area.  For kids that ""must"" play a game, there are 2 dining tables with touchscreens!

There's plenty of seating (both upstairs and on the main floor) and clean bathrooms on both levels.

The kids will remember this McDonald's!"	5
13620	"Well, this was an experience. It was definitely fun for the kids. Arcade, and a huge play area, when I went to the play area was closed but it was big. This McDonald's has 2 floors, and the typical McDonald's food the twist there is they also sell pasta dishes and pizza. Wow! I know, right?"	5
13621	"Arcade and play place on second floor was awesome. This McDonald's offers pizza, pasta, and philly cheese steaks, just to name a few. Ordered from the regular menu however and fries were meh. Warm but soggy. There was a employee walking by asking if everything was ok which lead me to realize I didn't get juice for my happy meals which they retrieved."	4
13622	"A nice big building that lives up to its hype. The entertainment can help the kids distract and enjoying been kids again.  Food was good pizza, chocolate cake woowwww."	5
13623	We come here every time we are in Orlando and this was the first time we tried the pasta.  It was a little disappointing that you couldn't add chicken or sausage to it but was delicious nonetheless. The pizza and chocolate cake we also very good.  The store was well maintained and clean.  The staff was friendly despite the business.	5
13624	"Playplace was large and 6 year old had fun. Nowhere for disabled 13 year old to sit while brother played. Nowhere to put drinks while playing without occupying eating tables. Not enough tables for guests. Long lines at kiosk. Kiosk menu needs easier ways to find special items. Many people asking for help. Over a half hour looking for parking, had to park at another business and walk over. Needs more space. Staff was all helpful, manager was friendly, Italian section interesting to watch, restaurant was clean. Nice experience, only needs more space."	4
13625	Great service and the special menu they have it                           s really good. The pizza it         	5
13626	Clean. Was surprised to see pasta and pizza as our local McD's does not have these items. The arcade is upstairs you can take an elevator or the stairs. It is really nice.	4
13627	"Went on a Thursday so it wasn't overwhelmingly busy but still busy enough that there were lines to the kiosks & people wandering to find a cash register employee. Wait time was not bad. Food came in probably 15 mins. We stayed downstairs to receive our trays at the counter, I could see how there would be an issue if you went upstairs to sit & waited for an employee to come find you. The girl who brought our food was very very nice! We received our pastas first even though we ordered the pizza first so I have a feeling it was just sauce pots sitting on warmers to dump quick dishes. Not sure why other comments say their pasta took long. Our pizza came out fine. Really not worth the money but we went for the experience, you get what you get in Orlando... standard happy meal was $8 and pasta meals were $15 for a smallish portion of pasta with a McChicken thrown on top."	2
13628	"This McDonald's has everything. Even pizza and pasta.
Bear in mind that it's a little expensive if you order items individually. So get the combos if you can that way you save money.

The place was totally renovated a few years back.

Nice place on International Drive."	5
13629	"If I could give it no s i would. Me and my family have been coming to Florida for 3yrs straight now and we always wanted to stop here, but it was always packed and we could never get in. So tonight we were fortunate to get in with no traffic and when I say I wish we would've kept going. 1st I would t off with its over crowed inside, very unorganized  and no manager direction. Ordered our food at 9:05pm got our order at 9:30 my niece ordered a Belgian waffle at 9:30 on the dot at 10:00pm it still wasn't ready so I asked very politely bc I'm a very nice person if they had made our order # for the waffle the guy said it wasn't ready, but we stood there watching them make waffles and throw them on the shelf so I asked was 1 of the waffles my order he went to check each ticket and sadly not 1 of them was my the order #. I also witnessed him ask 1 of the workers about it. She was an older woman when I say she was very rude didn't care and walked off as he was asking her so at that point I just wanted a refund. Oh no, but it doesn't stop there got in the car my whole order was cold and the lack of work they put into making food is ridiculous. I do not recommend this place and we will never come here again. My burger was missing a whole top layer of meat, lettuce, cheese and sauce. This is beyond ridiculous I was so exhausted with this place I just took it as a lose and went back to our place of stay. This is the worst McDonald's ever!!!!"	1
13630	"Well, obviously es a different place in comparatively other McDonald's, but be ready to a lot of people, childrens yelling and running, anyways still such a amazing place.they cook a good pizza that was oh! ..... Worth it."	5
13631	For this to be the largest McDonald's I wasn't sure what to expect. My daughter wanted to stop by while we were visiting. It was very busy as to be expected. Staff was friendly. Really cool spot. They even have pizza and pasta on the menu. How awesome lol	5
13632	"Since I'm known as ""Jimmy McRib"" I had to take the opportunity of visiting the world's largest McDonalds, even though it meant and extra hour and fifteen minute drive each way....  Anyways, this place is huge, and legendary among fast food junkies like myself for the fact that they serve pizza and pasta.  I would have been more impressed if they had the McRib too, but it was not to be, even at the world's largest McDonalds.

This was an incredibly busy place, even at 9:30pm.  There are tons of local hotels and tourists were everywhere, with most of them speaking a language besides English.  The restaurant wasn't the cleanest, but that had to be due to the fact that they are open 24/7 and always busy.  To my surprise, the bathrooms were very clean and nice.

Anyways, what is unique at this McDonalds:
- Hand dipped hard ice cream
- Multiple stories, with an arcade and playland upstairs
- A pizza and pasta section
- A big fish tank in the lobby

It was difficult to get into the parking lot due to construction and traffic, but there was plenty of parking.  The one side of the building has a giant neon Ronald McDonald which was cool.  I wanted to try the pizza or pasta, but unfortunately I had eaten a nice dinner about an hour earlier and only had room for a hamburger, which I ordered through the app.  It was pretty hectic inside, with tons of kiosks for ordering, which was helpful since they had different language selections to match the language of those ordering.  Some of my family got hand scooped ice cream, but it was a nightmare, as nobody was working that section, and we had to wait ten minutes after waiting in the busy line at the counter to ask for somebody to help us.  But, they eventually got their hard ice cream and it was good.

It was definitely neat to see this McDonalds, but it was a bit too busy for me, and the workers said that this was light traffic as compared to how busy it gets during the day."	4
13633	"We arrived at this large fast-food chain store at 4:00 pm and were surprised.  Bathrooms with no water taps and unused urinals and toilets.  ATM and soda machine out of use.  And to top it off, dozens of unavailable products, especially those made with ice cream."	2
13634	"We had an amazing experience you ordered upfront and got your number, and they brought the food to you. You can personalize your own spaghetti                                       and pizza. It costs $15 the plate McDonald's food is the regular price as in all McDonald's it has a real big park upstairs and an arcade which is amazing for the kids to enjoy the only thing that I didn't like was that it was wayyyyyyy to HOT upst"	5
13635	"Really cool atmosphere.  However, lines are extremely long (even @ 11 at night). They have about 8-10 kiosks to make your order, but only 1 was operational when I visited. Prices were extremely high (double the price for all menu items from my home state)!"	3
13636	"What a mind blowing McDonald's!
Punch in your order on the screen, pay, then find a seat and staff will find you to deliver your meal. Philly Cheese steak was our #1 pick, the stone oven thin crust pizza was great, and the pasta, considering it was from a fast food place was very good. Kids loved the arcade and play place too."	5
13637	This McDonald                           s is the biggest in the world! There                           s 3 levels to this McDonald       	4
13638	I don                           t know what I was expecting.  It                           s a McDonald       	3
13639	"I                           ve been to the USA 7 times since 1988 for both business and leisure. In the 80                           s of course it was the dream to go to a US McDonald                           s (they sell root beer!) I                           ve had Big Macs in LA,NYC, Seattle and Boston.  And now Orlando.

This restaurant looks nice and modern from the road but as soon as you step in                             it is dirty                            deep down dirty with dirty tables and dirty floors.

The layout means there are very few seats down stairs, so up we went and discovered some giant soft play area/arcade machines - they didn             seriously? There isn                           t a single vegetarian in Florida?

And no root beer.

The days of quick convenient fast food are really over for McDonalds and I witnessed it a"	1
13640	"The play place is still shut down due to COVID but the kids still had a good time. For some odd reason, my son LOVES going to McDonald                           s even though we only go maybe twice/year and only on road trips. We had to stop here and he was thrilled. We did the $5/30 min arcade card (don                       "	4
13641	This is the worlds largest McDonald                           s with the largest McDonald                           s play place I                           ve ever seen in my life. Always quicker service inside i	5
13642	"Really cool McDonalds with different menu items then most. Had a cheese pizza, blue Fanta slushie and a mcrib combo. Pizza was actually pretty good! Store is big but hectic and not the cleanest. Service was super fast, easy self checkout and brought to your table. Young fella delivering table orders was hilarious and a great employee."	4
13643	"I realize this is a REALLY BIG and REALLY POPULAR location, because it is unique... My friend and I were only in town for a few days, and this is something we wanted to experience.

While there we figured that we would order something, so we both got a dessert item, my friend got a McFlurry, and I got a Hard Ice Cream in a Waffle Cone.

We ordered from the self serve kiosk, for some reason the one we were at was not accepting payment, not sure if the others were broken too? So I went to the one counter that had an Employee and paid there, since it was Ice Cream I was told that it would be available at the Ice Cream counter, which made sense, since that's where the Hard Ice Cream was.

My friend and I waited quite awhile for a Staff Member to notice us standing there, I say notice us, since some came close, but never looked over at us... When one finally did I flagged her down, she told us that she ""has not be told to come here"" then walked away!?!

So, I went to the main counter, as I approached my number was being called from the main counter, so I guess the Ice Cream counter was not the pick up location? Ahh, the McFlurry came from the main counter, but the Hard Ice Cream was coming from the Ice Cream counter... sure, that makes sense I suppose?

I head back over to the Ice Cream Counter, and guess who reluctantly appears? The young Female Employee who was now told to come over to serve me... she DID NOT look impressed to be there! After fighting with the sliding glass doors that cover the Hard Ice Cream for several minutes, she finally got them open, I had to point out the Rocky Road Ice Cream, one small scoop was placed on the Waffle Cone, and I was sent on my way... I'm not sure what it was supposed to look like, since on the Kiosk, it only shows an empty Waffle Cone with no option of its contents.

It was an interesting place, but based on this one visit, I would likely not return unless it was much less busy."	3
13644	"I                           m surprised I hadn                           t heard about this place before, but we were so glad we stumbled across this McDonald                           s while driving along International drive! This place is amazing! Not only do they have unique extra food items lik"	5
13645	Cool McDonald's. They have an arcade and a pizza oven. Definitely not your average McDonald's. Pizza and pasta was great.	5
13646	"McDonald's tourist trap?! Yeah but worth it.  McPizza was like a really good gas station/bowling alley pizza.
The alfredo pasta... over salty but otherwise, no worse than frozen stoffers or big box store brands.
The Pesto basil was actally not bad.   not Bronx NY italian by any means but yeah... gross.
Playplace for the kids. the video games are not bad.. same money drain as any arcade."	4
13647	"I've obviously been to McDonald's before, but none like this! Tried the pizza and I'll have to admit, it's not perfect, but it's definitely not bad. Crust is a little thin for me. The activities are upstairs and it's like a small Dave & Busters. If you've never been, think about it. It's not a life changer, but fun to see at least once"	5
13648	"We were so excited to go here the kids were all excited and we traveled a few hours to get here and it wasn                           t that great. They were out of a lot of food, they had no desserts except for apple pie that all McDonald                           s offer. They advertise chocolate cake and ice cream but when you go there the counter was shut down. The big huge play area was shut down so no kids play area. Also they had an arcade area that was fun but the big prize area where you cash in your t"	2
13649	"I love McDonalds. Not just their food, but the corporation as a whole. I think it                           s awesome to visit McDonalds in other Countries for their                            typical                            off menu items. Although I                           ve been to Orlando various times, I never knew that this city housed a different McDonald                           s experience.

I tried several versions of their pasta. I also tried their cheese pizza and peanut butter chocolate cake. All of these items were EXCELLENT.

I never thought I                           d eat pasta from McDonald                  "	5
13650	This is the nicest McDonald's I have ever been. The kids loved the arcade and the play place. We got a big Mac and pasta. It was very good.	5
13651	"Its most def something else! Has a couple of floors. You go in and go straight to some screens and make your order. They have, pasta, pizza, sandwiches. Full package"	5
13652	"Was greeted with a welcoming fish tank as decor and friendly atmosphere from the staff, although it seems like most things in the menu were sold out. Food quality unfortunately did lack, the food does look visually appetizing but lacks in taste and quality. Would recommend stopping by if you want to experience something new."	4
13653	"I had always wanted to go to this McDonald                           s as a child but never got to. 30 years, as an adult I finally got to and it didn                           t disappoint! Coolest McDonald                           s ever!! Everything is supersized!"	5
13654	"World's largest Mcdo, though doesn't seem that large inside. Since 6 out of 10 self order points were broken, the wait was very long before being able to order. The food was according to expectations."	3
13655	"Came around 9 pm and while it was busy, they did not take long to have the food ready. We used the touchscreen kiosk to order and they were super easy to use! We got a pepperoni pizza and some alfredo pasta. You can see them cook these, which was pretty cool. They have an arcade upstairs and the place has tons of places to eat."	5
13656	"You're paying for what you're receiving. This is a crowded McDonald's. Keep that in mind, lines are long, and the food is the same as any other McDonald's except for the specials here, pasta, pizza, and desserts. People are trying their best, so don't expect a 5- restaurant treatment. If you have time and a limited budget, this will fulfill your curiosity.
P.s. Always check for deals, they always have discounts."	4
13657	"Who knew Orlando, FL has the biggest McDonald's in the world? I didn't until this week. I was pleasantly surprised! This was not a normal fast food dine-in meal. The atmosphere was pretty cool. The menu, I expected. I mean who can get a brick-oven pizza at McDonald's? Pasta, philly cheese steak sandwiches frozen ice cream, and customizable orders from the menu. Oh, I almost forgot about the arcade on the top floor. But what else should you expect since the restaurant is not far from Disney World!"	5
13658	"I think it's the largest in the world! 3tories, MASSIVE kids playground, the serve pasta dishes on actual plates, a real pizza oven, scoop able ice cream parlor, elevators as well.
I think it's a test kitchen type of thing. Throngs of people. Also automatic trash compactors."	4
13659	Was very busy and fast paced. But the kids loved it. Definitely a change from our regular McDonald's. Highly recommend the cheesecake   	5
13660	"Unfortunately we didn                           t have the best experience here. We waited almost an hour for our pizzas and many of the employees didn                           t seem to care. Apparently they lost our order and like 10 others. It was chaos. Everyone was going up and asking for their money back. The only reason I                           m giving 5 is because the manager, Mashawna, was super kind "	5
13661	"This place was wicked crazy. I went with family, and we all did our own orders, and they missed at least 2 items for every single one of our orders. It was bizarre. I've never seen a McDonalds that serves pizza and pasta and has an arcade. The upstairs where the kids' playground and the arcade were was SO HOT. It was probably borderline unsafe for how hot it was for being inside the building. Especially since the kid's playplace was up there. I would be afraid of kids getting getting dehydrated and potentially even getting heatstroke."	5
13662	My family really enjoyed this place!! They bring your food to your table. I love the different food options they have.	5
13663	"This Mcdonalds is  two story with a playplace. Therr is also an arcade on the 2nd floor. We used the kisk to order the food and and sat on the 2nd floor, someone delivers. Seems to be steady all the time."	4
13664	"Biggest McDonald's in the US. Has an arcade and huge play place upstairs. You can buy pizza, pasta, cakes, etc here. The kids loved it. The staff was friendly. Our order was right. Even has an aquarium. If you're hungry and want to see it its worth stopping."	4
13665	"The biggest McDonald in the world is here in Orlando, Florida. Great space for share, enjoy, play, kids area for lots of fun                  "	5
13666	"I wanted to give it more s for the actual building and huge upstairs playground; and also for the overworked staff. However the food took 50 minutes to get so I had to give it 3. Food was McDonalds so you really can                           t grade higher than a 2-3. The staff was busting it the entire time but there was just too many people ordering. There was only one stand to actually order from a person so everything else was done via a self kiosk, which I would bet money on, requires some kind of alteration to the meal that the staff didn "	3
13667	Really fun place and they have freshly made pasta and pizza!! There are cool desserts there to try as well.	5
13668	"I found a brochure on the world's largest mcds and we had to go! The place itself was super cool! We watched people cooking and had fun in the large play area, and the piano guy kept us singing tunes!

But our fries weren't cooked and they weren't even filled up.  We tried getting service and there was rudeness to help us.  I was seriously underwhelmed at food and service.   It wasn't even busy when we went."	3
13669	"The pizza is really good.  We got 3 and everyone liked it.  About the size of a medium pizza hut pizza, but oven fired (yes,  there are stone fired pizza ovens in here!) and thin crust. The Philly cheesesteak was really good and the chocolate explosion cake was tasty.                                     
If you order to eat there and order pasta or the cheesesteak, it comes on REAL plates/ pasta bowls.  Thought that was neat.

Not surprisingly,  our fries were cold and the Big Mac was missing a burger... pretty consistent with all other McDonald's on that point.                                     

Service was decent. Our order came up in a decent amount of time, considering the amount of orders they had coming in.

There are several different dining areas,  an arcade,  and a play place.
FYI, you c"	5
13670	A great unique McDonald's for  the first time pizza  there cooked infront of you  in the oven also ita largest  one  in USA with 2 floors  second floor for kids  arcade  and playground	5
13671	"Place looks amazing... from the outside. Unfortunately inside was very disappointing. It was a Saturday night so it was busy but it felt chaotic & unclean,  poor staff looked really tired and unhappy. Lots of menu items unavailable, the buns were dried out and drinks had little fizz.... Just like the staff!
A real disappointment as our kids were really looking to our visit. They even left the play area staying that it felt dirty."	3
13672	"Great experience. Food was great, the ice cream machine was working. You can take the elevator or the stairs upstairs for the arcade fun. Also side note I did lost my phone while here and the employee was so great I wish I had her name but she made finding my phone a priority. Me and my family will be returning here again next time we              "	5
13673	"I don't believe I have ever in my life been too nor knew a McDonald's would make you a fresh made to order omelet. How do the say, ""there is a first time fir everything"""	5
13674	"The best thing about the world's largest McDonald's could be the pizza, the cheesecake, the arcade, the jumbo playground.. all that is great but the BEST part of this McDonald's is the MacTonight animatronic mounted on the wall.
   "	5
13675	This place was so good we went back a second time they have pizza and pasta AND CAKE at McDonald's I rate this place one of the best McDonald's experiences ever don't forget they have a giant play area upstairs that is free as a giant Jungle Gym area and then your best bet is to pay the $5 for 30 minutes of arcade time and you got 30 minutes to play all the games you want	5
13676	"Food took forever to come out. I had ordered a pizza which only took about 15 minutes to come out. Everybody's else's food took about another 30 minutes-overall 45 minutes- to come out. I had long finished my pizza by the time everything else came out. Alot of others had the same issue and there was a line of people asking where their food was. When we finally got it, they didn't even give us everything we ordered. These were the sauces we had ordered and one drinks cup- which you have to fill yourself."	3
13677	This is a fun place to check out if you                           re in the Orlando area. They have PIZZA which was pretty ok. There                           s a arcade that my kids really enjoyed! It              	5
13678	"Fun to try McPizza and McPasta! Food was better than expected. Of course, the ice cream machine was down. The place is huge!"	4
13679	"Pizza here was actually not bad. I love that u can sit anywhere, and they come find u with the tracker number tents, I contemplated going into the jungle gym to see if they would go in lol but anyway it was great and they have a full arcade phillychese stake sandwich and pasta?? Lol didn't try those, but the cake slices they have looked awesome plus handscooped icecream come on, no brainer, just go before u leave Florida"	5
13680	"Very busy McDonald's. They have, on the second floor, some games for the kids and families, and they also bring the food to your table. They have the regular McDonald's menu, but they also offer others kinds of things like pizza and pasta. I had the opportunity to try the pasta, and it was good. They have different options of pasta, sauces, veggies, and meats that you can add.
Now, this is what happened to me. When you make your order at the screen, and you order pizza or pasta, it is done at a different food station from where they do the regular food. After a few minutes, I got the pasta at my table, but the rest of the order was missing. Sadly, they lost the rest of my order (happy meal and a coffee). After 20 minutes, I talked to the manager about my order, and she didn't  hesitate to help me. She was very nice and she personally took care of my order.
If you ask me if I recommend this McDonald's, it depends. If you're looking for a McDonald's that offers more than burgers, yes. If you want your kids to have a little bit of fun without a time restriction, yes, it is a good option.  But if you are in a rush, no, I don't recommend this McDonald's."	3
13681	"A bakery, a pizzeria, fish tank and arcade in a McDonald                           s                                                        Really amazed by what McDonald      "	5
13682	"Don't expect to pay the price you would pay at home at this location. Although a little more pricey this trip to this mcdonalds was worth it.. they have a large arcade located on the second floor,, they have an ice cream and dessert station which serves chocolate cake and a few other types of cakes.This mcdonalds offered Belgian waffles(a little over $9), ham and cheese French toast for breakfast."	5
13683	Wasn't sure what to expect when we visited the world's largest McDonald's at 1 am. 24 hour run however and a pizza???? Wowzers!!! Definitely an experience i will.not soon forget!	5
13684	There is much more choice as in other MC Donalds to otherwise he is not the biggest in the world                                   	5
13685	"I was shocked to go into a Mcdonald and order grilled chicken alfredo. This McDonald in Orlando, Florida, has a kid area and arcade. They also have pizza that can be purchased. It has two floors accessible with an elevator. Crazy but fantastic at the same time."	5
13686	"This McDonald's is really nice. Super big and offers other foods other then McDonalds lol. It also has a second floor with more seating and a arcade section for fun. They offer a tap menu option and table service. So once your done ordering thru the self tap options you grab a number and have a seat.

We ordered our regular McDonald's food with the addition of a strawberry and banana waffle. Which was bomb.

I did feel like the store was a bit dirty. But it was probably cause it had a rush. After we left it calmed down and the employees were cleaning.

It is on the more expensive side. We ordered two Mcdoubles (which we had a coupon and applied it) large fries, a small drink and the waffle. The total was 19 bucks... It would have been 23... Lol"	4
13687	"Growing up in Orlando, I visited this location as a child and knew the Oerther family. Decided to take my child here for her first visit and sadly, was left pretty infuriated.

First, I timed it and it took 25 minutes for us to receive our order. We had to stop and ask an employee what the hold up was. When they finally brought our order out to us, my daughter was missing her drink which you can clearly see on the receipt, is there (Tea & Lemonade). I asked another employee about it, he took my receipt and never came back. So I had to leave my hot food and go stand at the front for a good 5-8 minutes, just to ask a third person for the drink. How hard is it just to give me a cup that I clearly didn                           t receive and I will just make it myself at a machine?

They gave me a card to come back for a free meal and apologized but it was beyond frustrating for a $25 McDonalds meal.

The peanut butter cake was delicious and it looks like the ack in service."	1
13688	This location is said to be the largest McDonald's in the world! We stopped in after a day at Universal. We arrived after 11 and it was crazy busy. Our order took at least 30min before it was ready...but under the very busy circumstances it was understandable. They have unique dishes such as pasta and wood fired pizza which seemed very popular. Multi level seating....games room and various entertainment segments through the store as well to make the experience even better. Lots of free parking and dual drive thru. Overall this McDonalds is a flagship location for sure!	5
13689	This was my first time visiting this location. The staff was very nice and service was great. The atmosphere was very good. We just didn't get to visit the second floor because the elevator was closed.	5
13690	"This is a big, two floor McDonald's with not only the typical fries and burgers, but also pizza, salads and other foods. They have a kids playground and also an arcade and game area on the second floor."	5
13691	"It's a great location if you want to wait 30 minutes for extremely subpar food. Fries are stale, food is bland as hell and in pretty sure there is mold on one of my sandwiches?

Also come here so the kid could burn off energy, but the playplace was closed.

Annnyyyyyways. Probably won't return."	1
13692	"Our family went to experience this McDonald's one of a kind menu; the pizza had a great crust, but I will put light sauce next time. My husband loved the Philly cheese steak. The issue was there was lines to make an order, a longer than normal wait, and this was by far the MOST CROWDED McDonald's I've ever been to. Really cool to sit down and watch them make you pizza."	3
13693	Very nice and freandly place to eat food.A lot of space to play for children.Very nice Staff.	5
13694	"My kids wanted to check this McDonald                           s location..                            largest McDonald                           s                            but they forgot to add, slowest service ever in the fast food industry in their description. We waited 55 minutes for our order. The staff was calm & patient despite all of the unhappy people who were waited for almost an hour for their orders as well. To whomever is running this location, please get your staff the proper help that they need. I "	2
13695	"Very crowded. It is hard to find a table. Many seatings are removed for unknown reasons. My order took literally 30+ minutes to be ready. The sundaes were half melted. If you just need some fast food, there are a lot of choices in the area."	2
13696	"Checked this off my list.

What
I thought id have to check out the biggest play area at a McDonalds.. I actually have lived in Orlando for over 15 years and today was the first time I went. Upon reading some review, I just realized it is the largest... and an actual tourist attraction... I took a toddler her to play and BOY what an experience.

Environment
This is right off a busy intersection, i-Drive and sand lake. The parking can get packed.. The building is huge! You cannot miss it. It is 2tories and the play area is quite big as well, with an arcade inside. There are 2tories, you enter the play area on level 2. You order the food downstairs and you can sit upstairs. There are a lot of self ordering machines so it makes ordering go a little faster? Upstairs was VERY HOT! Like there was no AC... and when you walk downstairs it was cool.

Niceness of the staff
Barely had any interactions with the staff. It was ok.

Dollar
They also sell pizza, and that was ok... it ts at $9 and every topping is at least $1

Yes?
Probably not... not really recommended."	2
13697	"Love this place. There's so much fun inside. After eating you can play some game the game                                      room is upstairs on the second floor. They're all types of games, it's remind me"	5
13698	This is the only McDonald's in the whole United States that serves pizza. I stopped here after passing through it because it looked like a beautiful building on the outside with multiple floors. The pizza we had was delicious.	5
13699	The pizza was good but the service was slow and chaotic. It is crowded. I found it odd that this McDonald's had pizza and pasta on its menu BUT NO ROOTBEER. that's weird	3
13700	"World's largest McDonald's and the only McDonald's which serves pizza. Which by the way was quite nice, freshly made there, with a good selection of toppings available. As well as the usual McDonald's food. Plenty of seating available, utilising multiple floors."	5
13701	This is the largest McDonald's in the world!!!! The menu is much larger here as well. I ordered the Philly cheese steak. Giant playground and arcade on the 2nd floor. Cool experience!	5
13702	"The place is great!!
The service was fine, I wait for more attention. I'm from Colombia, therefore, We are more service and                                      in the attention to clients.

Today We had to pay for the spacy Bufalo.                    "	4
13703	"This is by far the best McDonald's, my family, and I have ever been to. The food was prepared with love and quality. The options for food was amazing. I was able to get a veggie pizza that was cooked to perfection. The game room upstairs was one of a kind. The customer service was outstanding. This will be an orlando visit every time we come to Orlando."	5
13704	"This is the coolest McDonald                           s ever!!! You order on a kiosk, pick up a number sign, type in the number after you order and they bring you your food because the number sign has a gps tracker in it! It is two floors, serves pasta and pizza and also has a cake shop! The kids w"	5
13705	"The traditional burgers and fries were served Luke warm. As busy as the restaurant was, I was truly expecting hot and fresh. Perhaps had I ordered the pizza or pasta my experience would have been different. The service was nothing out of the ordinary, however, the staff was friendly. The best part of the visit was the arcade and play area, my kids absolutely love it, we were there for hours and hours."	5
13706	This place was amazing. The arcade upstairs was superior. The fish tank with the different fish was cute and how amazing was it to see a brick oven pizza	5
13707	"Highly recommended! The only McDonald                           s like it and the largest one in the world. You can get fresh omelettes, waffles, pizza, and of course all the c"	5
13708	"World                           s largest McDonald                           s! It                           s a 2-story location with a full kitchen serving unique dishes like pasta, pizza (from a brick oven!), waffles and more. There "	5
13709	Didn                           t know that this was the largest. It    	5
13710	"Fun stop with lots of different options, like cheese-cake, pizza and peanut butter cake, absolutely delicious! Very modern facility and cozy feel. Great spot for hot coffee and a piece of cake! The upstairs floor is a giant play place with arcade games as well. You place your order on the kiosks, take a table tag# and then find your table. They bring it to you. If your visiting Orlando, especially with kids, this is a fun stop!"	5
13711	foods just ok. kid placeground always closed. crwoded place.	3
13712	One of the worst McDonald                           s I                           ve ev	1
13713	Love this McDonald's!  Prices was great!  Worth the visit!	5
13714	"This McDonald's has a pizza and pasta area made to order and is very good but like any McDonald's it's hard to find the staff that are willing to work in such a busy and crazy place. You cannot order with a real person inside. You have to order from a kiosk and they don't always get your order right or forget something. There is a drive through that is kind of like a race track and wraps around the building with 2 or 3 lanes and if your order is wrong, oh well, so be it. Just take it or leave it. There is a huge play place for kids and a second floor with an elevator."	4
13715	"Took 30 minutes to get my food. The chicken was dry, and fries tasted like I got the bottom of the batch. Only went here so my son would have fun in the arcade. Then 4 arcade games took our credits and didn't let us play it. So many better options to go to around there but only went because a family member insisted to go."	3
13716	"Nope just nope. Stay away. Not worth your sanity at all. First it's packed. So very packed. When I went the game room up stairs with the huge play ground the air wasn't working, half of the games were broken, they are so short staffed there is no employee to redeem your tickets. The play area wasn't well cleaned at all and the bathrooms weren't kept up. I'm sure do to the fact they are so very busy and short staffed. The pizza was good and the peanut butter cake was good. But not worth the hype especially with all the craziness that was going among many other issues."	1
13717	"Really, the biggest McDonald's. The food was good. Bought pizza, fries, and pasta. Kids liked it very much. If you are in Orlando, you should give a try here. Depending from where you drive  from, it may be difficult to enter."	5
13718	"Wow, a great place has an arcade , my stepdaughter had so much fun first time, was on vacation fron CT... if u haven't been great to the kids .."	5
13719	"It was my first time, and it was a pleasant experience.
Surprisingly, having pizza at McDonald's wasn't as weird as I thought."	5
13720	"Only McDonald                           s that still has McPizza and McPasta, but the service is horrible. It took 45 minutes for us to get our food. The Freestyle was out of most soda and no one seemed to care. It is a very cool restaurant and "	3
13721	Biggest McDonald's I've ever seen .This place was huge with so many employees and an expanded menu including pasta dishes and pizza... This of course is in Orlando and open 24 hrs.	5
13722	"That was fun!  Huge McDonald's!
Went there at 10pm and hung out and kids played until about 11:20pm - but you would think that it was lunch time with how busy they were. We were surprised at how fast the food came to our table and the staff were friendly.  Well done McDonald's!"	5
13723	This location fed me raw chicken. I ordered spaghetti with McCrispy and half way through the McCrispy it turns out raw.	1
13724	"Came on a Sunday afternoon on March break and I hated every minute of the experience

My family however had a pretty good time, so I didn                           t bother to explain to them the downsides of mas"	4
13725	"It was a pretty good experience. Their accuracy definitely needs attention. When we got our food, I asked if she was sure this was my entire order. It was not. We were missing all the fries.  Yes, I know I should have checked for myself, but I like to trust people to take pride in their work. Before you say that they were busy, no, they were not. But on a really good note, the lady taking my order at the drive-thru was fantastic at customer service. I wish I knew her name cause I would definitely give her a shout-out."	3
13726	"There are foods that are offered that are not offered at typical McDonald's locations, but do not be fooled. The food is similarly mediocre to all the other locations. Young children will beg to use the arcade, which is certainly not any less than a cash grab. Sure, it's fun, but it doesn't offer anything more than a normal McDonald's besides a small, money-demanding arcade, small pizzas, a few different breakfast items, and some cool desserts. Otherwise, it's a cool place to eat if you are wise with your money."	3
13727	Most unique McDonalds I                           ve ever been too. It                           s huge! There is a very large play area for kids and an 	5
13728	"The fries weren't salted or flavoured, very bland. I also had a chicken bacon burger which was heavily fried and didn't taste that good. I ordered in store myself and it was quite busy, people were lining up or waiting everywhere. It was also unclear who worked there and who didn't as some people had no uniform but were wandering around behind the counter. They also serve pizza and pasta where you can choose your toppings and sauces. The ice machine was under pressure and couldn't spit ice out fast enough, the second one didn't work at all and the sweet tea was pouring too slowly so I went with something else instead."	3
13729	Had to stop here on our way home from Florida. My kids were super excited see this location. They had fun playing in the playground and arcade and we even enjoyed breakfast before getting back on the road.	5
13730	Knowing that it                           s the biggest McDonald                	3
13731	"$28 for 2 med smoothie,  2 mcgriddle plain sandwich which can fit in the palm of ny hand one oatmeal, one hashbrown. The play for children was out of order. Food tasted stale. Wasn't worth it."	3
13732	This McDonald                           s has everything cake pasta pizza and a fish tank and even a specialty breakfast. We ordered waffles and French toast and ham and cheese sandwich. You grab a because this place is super busy and sit down. You can sit and watch the food being made. We saw the food come out and sit and no one grab it employees and managers walk by. Irene went up to a manager and asked how much longer and they said a few more minutes and no one still grabbed it. Finally after 35 minutes one of the same managers who had walked by it several times picked up the meals and tried to serve them to us. We told them that we had watched everything 	2
13733	"Kids had fun but the food was not great I mean McDonalds at my hometown be slamming with burgers but here it tasted dry and burgers weren                           t good either, not to sure if it      "	3
13734	"Very big place, i had to order from a kiosk but I'm used to it and fine with it,

I ordered three things came out to about 7$, very decent i ate inside and in about 5 minutes a worker came to my table with my order.

The customer service was very nice and up-stairs they have a play place for the kids, they also serve pizza, pastas and cake here so it surprised me but overall great experience I will say because of the play place there is naturally a lot of parents bringing their kids so it can be very loud."	4
13735	"We waited 50min for 3 burgers and 4 chicken nuggets !!!  Everything was cold.  I asked for hot food, so they put everything in the trash and I waited another 7min to get my order.  1h00 to have my order in this ""Fast Food"".  No one apologized.  I do not recommend going there if you are in a hurry.  All the tables around us waited at least 40min."	1
13736	"Largest Mcdonald at the word they said, very good, beside regular manu they have pasta, pizza and steak sandwich's on subs, also big arcade on the secound floor, went for dinner, place was really busy, thats the reason i didnt take pictures from the inside."	4
13737	"I think I had much higher expectations of this McDonald's because I was strongly suggested to visit.  I expected a 30 foot statue of Ronald McDonald and it ended up being a lackluster 30 foot lighted outline of Ronald on the building.  The picture online of the building made it look like it was made of a French Fry building structure.  It wasn't.  They had a separate drink station where you gave them your drink order (an extra step because no self service ones anywhere).  They had a separate dessert station, and a walk up food counter to order or self-serve kiosks to order from, where they will serve if you eat in (but not the soft drinks).  It is 2tories.  The 2nd floor is a play area which I expected would be huge (it isn't), and a small arcade area...very small.  The menu showed some items different from other McDonald's but 95% of them showed OUT OF STOCK. So we just ate the kind of food you could eat at a regular McDonald's only it cost MUCH more! All-in-all,very unexciting and not what it should be for being the WORLD'S LARGEST MCDONALD'S!   "	2
13738	"The food was alright, it's one of the biggest McDonald's but quality can be improved with the fish sandwiches being burnt on the edges and burgers were not properly organized within the bun in the big mac, just a bit of feedback compared to regular McDonald's restaurants. Other than that my family had a great time enjoying the upstairs atmosphere and playground."	5
13739	We waited 45 minutes for an ice cream cone and a piece of cheesecake.  I understand it's a popular place but people that ordered well after us and in larger quantities were getting their stuff before us. Honestly felt like we were forgotten. And the customer service here is surely lacking for it to be such a tourist centered stop	3
13740	"A different McDonald's experience worth trying. We had a good time trying different menu items not found at any other McDonald's. Definitely worth a visit if you're coming to Orlando.

Update: Not the same as it used to be. The selections are limited and not as international as it once was. It lost it's uniqueness and it feels like it's just a regular busy McDonald's now. Not recommended anymore."	2
13741	Been here a couple of times kids love it finally tried the pasta it was surprisingly good	4
13742	"The World                           s Largest McDonald                           s turns out to also be the world                           s noisiest. Aside from the fact that 1) our order wasn                           t fully delivered to our table, and 2) our order was wrong, the 2nd floor is a chaotic thrum of children"	1
13743	"Don't waste your time or money. We were excited to visit here with out of town guests straight from the airport.
1. Kiosks are backed up with a bunch of people each so no where to stand, wait, or snake through with trays of food. Kiosks were glitchy and blanked out every minute.
2. It is at least 10 degrees warmer upstairs so NOT comfortable at all.
3. Even with our order number on the table no one ever brought food...after 20 minutes, i went down stairs and it was sitting there. Then there is no drink station upstairs so with an already full tray, i had to bring food up and then come down for drinks. So why did i have to pick a flavor if the only deliver an empty?
4. No one to help with service or questions. Lady upstairs spoke no English. I had to raise my hand at the counter after standing there 5 minutes to find my food just to get acknowledged.
5. After all that, found one sandwich missing. Went back again and notified i was missing the cheese steak and staff member walked to the other pasta section where it was sitting by itself.
6. Cheeseburgers were not made to order as requested on the kiosk.
7. Big mac was dry. Worst one ever.

We won't be back."	2
13744	"So i don                           t usually give fast food more than 3 but this place was comically huge.
Giant arcade and large play area.
There is even attempt to make like omelette and stuff.  I even saw brick stoves like you would see pizza cooked in. Did I mention a fish tank?

It did take a while to get our food and it was typical McDonald                "	4
13745	"Today we had the opportunity to go to such a well-known McDonald's, the truth is that the place is very nice, but in terms of the attention and organization it was terrible, half of my order was missing and although I went to tell them that it was wrong, they did not pay attention to me. So many employees so they can't help me in my order. My children were very excited to go to the play place but their air conditioning did not work and it was unbearably hot. They should pay a little attention to those flaws. Thank you"	2
13746	Best experience ever. The food was shockingly good. I did pizza and build your own pasta. Customer service was phenomenal.  Restaurant was very clean and we didn't wait long on our food. Can't wait to visit again.	5
13747	Obviously one of the most amazing McDonald's I've ever seen. Three stories and a two-story playland. They had premium scoop ice cream and pasta with Alfredo on the menu. Are you kidding me? Pizza and Alfredo at McDonald's? You betcha. Biggest Playland I've seen in the McDonald's for years? Has it. The classic Mac tonight guy playing a piano in the corner? Has it. Easily the best McDonald's I've been to since I was a kid 30 years ago in Las Vegas.	5
13748	"A fun place to go to maybe once or twice. Went during the weekend. The ordering kiosk lines were slow because people don't know how to use ordering kiosks. McDonald's was out of pasta but they had pizza. I was bummed because I wanted to try the pasta. I ended up ordering a regular meal you can get at any McDonald's.

Seating was easy to find and the tables were clean. Employees were helpful. The arcade upstairs seemed pretty cool and definitely unique. We didn't play any games or play in the play place. I enjoyed seeing Mac Tonight playing the piano. Next time I'll get some dessert."	4
13749	Being local we try to stay away from the busy tourist places but this McDonald's is so big we really don't mind. We like the fact they bring your food to your table and the employees try their best to keep this place clean. The customers tend to be rude and push people or not say excuse me in this establishment.	4
13750	This McDonald                 	5
13751	"2/5

Drive thru or in person their service is slow during most times of the day.

This is my second visit and I had the same experience."	2
13752	"Did you know McD in Orlando has a Philly cheesesteak. Yea, they really don't.... it's a big mac minus the sauce on a hoggie roll. But good job trying new things."	4
13753	Breakfast was hot and fresh. They had an omelet sation with Belgium waffles.	5
13754	"The service is always great here. All the employees always seem willing to help you, but with the volume this store does I don't believe they have enough staff. Saw a roach crawling on the 2nd floor, and all of the food we got was cold by the time we got it. Condiments are hard to find unless you go to the register area where 75 other people are in line waiting for their food and food is marked up in price because it is a tourist acctraction. Is a cool experience once or twice, but a couple miles down the road is a regular McDonald's that has fresh food every time for the same price as a regular McDonald's."	3
13755	"This is an amazing gem sitting on a corner looking not much like any McDonald's I had ever seen before.   The second floor confused me, but the logo looked similar to McDonald's.  They have pizza, cooked there in the restaurant.  I know because my order was called before my pizza was ready.  At any rate, walking through the arcade upstairs was a nice way to wait for my pizza.  I only gave 4 for service because the staff seemed to not be trained for customer service.  Perhaps they were simply tired or busy, but it wasn't up to the standard of typical McDonald's when I visited.  I will return next time I am in Orlando!"	5
13756	"By far the best and most amazing McDonald's in the history of the world. It's even hard to imagine it as a McDonald's. Super clean, extremely friendly and helpful staff. A second floor with a massive arcade and crazy-huge kid gym (shut down due to covid hysteria :( ). Loved this place. Bring your kids!"	5
13757	"The first time we visited was at night, and there was a group of male teenagers sitting outside the entrance to the building asking for money in threatening and rude manners. It did not feel safe at all. We did go back a couple of days later for breakfast. The food was very good. The omlets really hit the spot. The service was good. It is advertised as having over 100 arcade games upstairs. There is nowhere near that many, and much of them are broken down and use your credits because there are no signs on them."	2
13758	Unfortunately it's not got any better. The first time visiting this trip and they got my order wrong.... I didnt have much faith to begin with to be honest. The attention to detail here is lacking. And $5 for a latte is unreal.... Tourist trap central. Cross the road to checkers and get good food at a low price	1
13759	"With a 6 year old we visit McDonald's every so often..this place was just awful.

Ordered 20 regular mcnuggets a large fries, couple drinks and a happy meal.

45 min wait - 17 spicy nuggets in the boxes, no sauces despite the machine asking what sauces we want. Drinks are just cups, despite the machine asking what we want - self service downstairs with no instructions on how to get the milkshake we ordered as only soda fountains at the stations etc

Nuggets were over cooked, Like properly crunchy/jerky texture

Fries were literally stone cold, not even warm

Our kid loved the play centre but this isn't worth paying twice the price of a regular McDonald's for just plain terrible food and no service at all"	1
13760	"Very average McDonald's experience overall. Was cool because of the whole ""largest McDonald's"" bit, but it was extremely hectic inside with kids running and screaming everywhere. Took a while to even get the opportunity to order, then food took a while to get to us, which is understandable since it was so busy. Ice was out in 3/4oda machines. Not a very clean place either. Pizza was alright. Very dry, flavorless crust, pretty soggy and could have used more time in the oven/ the oven could be hotter. If they put like 20% more effort into the flavor of the pizza it would be a lot better. Onion ""slivers"" were also just onion chunks. Not a big deal, just a little misleading. But what else you expect from a McDonalds. Food is a little pricier than the McDonald's I'm used to as well. Would probably have a better experience making the effort to dine elsewhere."	4
13761	Food was great pasta and pizza was awesome! Really thought the play area would be a lot bigger given on how this McDonald's is 2tories. Also the arcade was small. Kids had fun that's all that matters!!!!!	3
13762	"I came to this McDonald                           s expecting at least some decent food and service judging by the fact they were just switching over to lunch but got met with some poor service from staff and mediocre quality coming from the food. I asked one of the staff (tall, skinny lady with curly hair upfront) if I could get my food cooked to order and she gave a slight nod as a response which I found extremely rude then moved over to the kitchen area so I decided to ask ANOTHER manager upfront and she was actually quite nice and went straight to telling the people in the kitchen and the moment she did the manager I had previously spoken to decided to turn around and say the slight remark                            You already told me, I got it, thanks                            which I found very rude coming from what you       erd to my surprise yet not so surprised self I received very mildly warm food, it tasted and was very obviously sitting there for longer than I would                           ve liked + it didn                           t meet my simple request of                 "	2
13763	"Not much to say that every other review hasn't. Very fun for something different. Watching your pizza be put into the real brick oven at a McDonald's is definitely interesting. The main reason you go is the novelty, but the food honestly didn't disappoint. The specialty menu items are a tiny bit pricey but fast food standards, but they really are a tier above fast food. Overall, my fiance and I had a great time and I definitely recommend checking it out."	5
13764	"The biggest waste of time and money. Way to packed. Unorganized. There was barely a line when we got to McDonald's yet we still waited over an hour for 2 bacon mcdoubles, a big Mac, a bacon chicken ranch (they forgot the bacon when it's literally IN THE TITLE) and 4 medium fries. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING was cold and disgusting. Spent way more money than it should have been. Will NOT be going back there. The kids didn't even want to play in the play area because they ended up getting hurt. Poorly set up and no security or anything. They were being pushed and shoved by other children and no one was doing anything about it."	1
13765	"Where should I t. Service was exceptional BAD. I was missing half of my order and had to go down stairs and bring the rest of my order they was missing back upstairs which was alot of hassle to do. Also would've been very helpful if there was a refill station upstairs.

The atmosphere, was way too overcrowded. I don't really fault McDonald's for this, but it didn't make the experience pleasant.

Overall I would skip this place if I see a parking lot full of cars."	1
13766	"Biggest McDonald's in the world, has special menu items (pizza and pastas [don't sleep on the ravioli bolognese.]) Being it's the world's biggest, it was a madhouse inside, some kiosks down completely, some just the payment part not working. Overall, food was good, inside was a zoo, but you can only get the special items inside."	4
13767	This has to be one of the best McDonald's I have ever been to hands down. While disappointingly I did not visit the upstairs with the arcade machines I can rave about the pasta and pizza they make and serve! The pasta can rival olive garden and ts at 10.99 and you are able to customize it how you want. Definitely would recommend both the pasta and even the pizza! I'm pretty picky on pizza and the pepperoni pizza was actually pretty good! I usually would HATE brick oven pizza as I find they taste burnt always but this was a good pizza! Definitely worth checking out at least once if you are in the area! It is a little busy most times but even with that the wait is no worse than a regular McDonald's.	5
13768	This McDonald                           s is unique in that they have a pasta and pizza bar and an arcade upstairs. Everything was priced higher than at my neighborhood McDonald                           s. I ordered a pasta plate and had a queasy stomac	2
13769	"Very, very busy and understand that it's supposedly the largest McDonald's in the world, but they were not coordinated to handle the rush of people. Additionally, a lot of food items were not available and the wait times was very long. My kids did enjoy the arcade on 2nd floor though."	3
13770	This McDonald's in Orlando is huge! It was very busy but they were very fast. The food was very fresh as they pretty much have to make everything to order. Definitely worth a visit just to see them make pizza at a McDonald's.	5
13771	Food wasn                           t too bad for McDonald                           s standards. Atmosphere despite a bit messy it                           s interesting since this is the biggest 	2
13772	"This is not your ""mommas mcds"".  This was fantastic.  Big,  huge,  wonderful.   A truly fun,  unbelievable McDonald's experience.   They have a dessert bar.  They have pizza,  and pasta,  a wood fired oven.   You have to see it,  to believe it!!"	5
13773	"Was told that we had to come here because it is the biggest McDonald's in the country.  It is huge, there is an elevator that takes you up to a kids playplace and full size arcade.  They also off menu items that aren't on a ""normal"" McDonald's menu like build your own pasta and pizza"	4
13774	"My friend's and I decided to visit the world's largest McDonald's tonight while on our holiday to Orlando. The visit was absolutely abysmal! We got table service which took over 35 minutes to come (3 drinks, a cheese burger and McNuggets) and once we received our order only                    of it was there! When we ask staff about the rest of our order they just walked away and were no help at all. So I went to the front desk and had to wait for a further 10 minutes to be seen, I eventually got the rest of the order but by which time the food was now cold. By far the worst experie"	1
13775	Food was standard McDonald                           s.  They forgot our drinks for each person at the table and forgot 1/2 our meal.  We had to go back multiple times to get stuff. They were out of the drink flavors once we got our cups. It                  	2
13776	Had a drive thru order for EIGHT. Every meal was correct and picture perfect. All the fries were the crisp and hot. And the staff was awesome. Best McDonald's I've been to.	5
13777	Fun to visit the largest McDonald's in the world. Highly recommend	5
13778	"Because it is the largest McDonald, it is a place where you go there so you can scratch off your bucket list.
It is very crowded,  very noisy,  a lot of kids, of course.
They have pizza, coffee, and sweets beside the regular menu.

I think the staff works hard and as fast as they can. In my opinion,  the management has to step in big time in order for this place to run flawsly.

The self order machines two or three didn't work,  so it added to the slow service.
Upstairs is an arcade game room. You need coins. It is very stuffy and even more noisy . But, as I said, a place to visit one's in a love time, so you know you did it!"	4
13779	Awesome for kids you can be waiting for food and have them upstairs playing in the arcade. Although the experience is good the wait for food is crazy. My ice tea got left out of my order and the person infront of us also had something left out.	3
13780	"We went with our kids, and of course, they wanted to eat and play on up stairs, so, a friendly worker brought us our order  but there was no station services on up stairs, and the same time we had to go downstairs to serve our sodas, look for napkins, sauces and straws"	5
13781	Worst place to visit. My kids love McDonald                           s so we wanted to try                            the largest McDonald                           s                           . This was the worse idea ever. We waited over an hour to get our food. The food was wrong. We ha	1
13782	This is by far the best McDonald's.  I love the options not on other locations menus.  The pizza was wonderful and freshly made to order.  I wish I lived closer because it would for sure be my go to fast food restaurant.	5
13783	"Our ""World's Biggest"" McDonald's adventure ted with an appetizer...an appetizer consisting of the smile and excitement of my McDonald's loving younger brother. Then came the 1st course...the tears of my girlfriend as she gazed upon her small serving of $12 pasta while her fingers felt the stone cold chill of her fries. Our meal ended with the return of my absolutely revolting Chicken Alfredo which led the the main course of a Big Mac...a Big Mac has never failed me, until today. With the measliest of beef patties and sauce on the side (yes, they missed the burger), I was astonished by the lack of quality this McDonald's provided. Also, my brother's Pizza took an hour to be served and then he was argued with. 1/10 would not recommend, fire everybody."	1
13784	"10/10 not recommended. Waited for our food for over 45 minutes. Didn                           t even receive what we ordered. Parking is a nightmare, not worth it just because they have pizza. You c"	1
13785	"This McDonald's has a huge, amazing inside playground and arcade (2nd floor). Beautiful fish tanks for the kids to look at while you are ordering. It does get a little loud when the kids scream. Plenty of tables for everyone. Order downstairs and take a number - they bring it to you. Super nice when you have difficulty walking g like I do. However drinks are downstairs. Handicapped parking in front of the doors. An elevator to the second floor and handicap tables with half booths upstairs. My neices love this McDonald's!"	4
13786	"Chaotic has alot going on being the world's largest McDonald's many options not on a typical menu examples being pizza, pasta, pilly cheese steak, Belgian waffles and many more a giant arcade and kids play place on the second floor which can be accessed by an elevator"	5
13787	"Worst McDonalds experience I have had in all my life. Place was chaotic from the moment we walked in but for some reason that didn't put us off. Waited for ages to receive our food and when it did arrive, half of it wasn't there and some of it was cold. Tried to find a helpful member of staff - we're still looking... Went to get some drinks, all of which were 'horrible' as quoted by another customer, even the water tasted like sewage. We ended up leaving with what we had and wondering how long the symptoms of cholera take to set in. So safe to say we wouldn't recommend and would 100% not return. 'Horrible'"	1
13788	Kids had a great time! Hard to find play areas these days. Great selection of arcade games. Our cheeseburgers were cold however i saw more customers opt for the pizza and philly cheesesteak.	4
13789	It's a huge McDonald's and has a nice choice of other foods that are Not your basic options.	4
13790	Really awesome experience! A must when in Orlando! Simple. It                           s the biggest McDonald                           	5
13791	We got out food VERY fast and they even have pizza. The burger was a tad too dry but nothing I couldn't fix. Service was fast for how busy it was. It's also a very modern building!	5
13792	Love the kiosk ordering and table delivery. Fries were cold. Quarter pounder with cheese seems smaller. Diet Coke seemed a bit watery than usual. Got with no ice.  Disappointed this store stopped serving the discontinued food items it used to specialize in. Lovely Christian music playing may be insulting to those of other religions.	3
13793	"Absolute free for all inside. A automated factory that completely doesn                           t work. People waiting over 45 min for their food, nearly every order was wrong, and staff just literally ignoring the countless customers complaining. The manager had no control over his staff who blatantly ignored him to the point he was telling customers their names to report. This place simply doesn                           t work and is utter chaos. $40, almost an hour, and wrong food, with no one to care"	1
13794	"Fries were cold, nuggets were soft.., the burgers were gross, the upstairs smelled sweaty and gross, ordered food and the place was busy and my child needed to use the bathroom so I took the card with our number to the bathroom because I didn't want them leaving my food alone at the table and they came over and yelled at us for moving around the mcdonalds.. honestly 1/10 do not recommend. It is not worth it. Go find a  regular McDonald's and a park close by."	1
13795	"This was a horrible experience and a waste of 4 hours and almost $100. The place was terribly overcrowded and dirty. There was standing room only, shoulder to shoulder. We stood in line for 20 minutes at a kiosk to order, then after we ordered it said there was an error and we had to wait another 40 minutes in the line at the register anyway to order. All of the workers were super rude. I was even on the elevator with 2 workers talking about a customer saying ""I have no obligation to answer your questions or do anything for these people"" and then talking about how gross a customer was and saying she would point her out to the other employee. Nobody was at all helpful and even seemed to be angry when we asked for anything.  My daughter tried to fill her cup with sweet tea and the older lady standing at the drink station didnt let her fill it up all the way. The only nice person was the old guy emptying the trash on the 2nd floor. We spent over $60 for my kids to play the arcade games, then they shut and locked the prize counter. A while later, we had to ask someone to open it so they could redeem their tickets and 3 employees tried over the course of the next hour and no one could get it back open. I tried talking to a manager about it, but she gave me about 10 seconds of her time just to tell me there was nothing she could do but send someone up to the ticket counter for us... she didn't even listen to us explain that it others had tried before she just walked away. We are from out of state and my kids were so excited to see this place but we all left miserable. At least the sandwiches were warm (though the fries were soggy)."	1
13796	"If you                           re here for breakfast and you get coffee, you                           ll wait 20 minutes for your food to arrive and they                           ll bring you an em"	3
13797	"Huge McDonald's. Unique items at Orlando location. Pizza and pasta. Cheesecake was sold out. Arcade but prize and play area are closed. You can order at kiosk or wait in line for cashier. Soda is not self-serve, free refill. Expect a long wait (approximately 20-30 mins) if you are waiting for pizza and pasta, it's understandable though. They do deliver to table. I didn't see the Belgium waffle on menu."	5
13798	World's largest McDonalds but worse service ever. More pricier than the rest of Mcdonalds in Orlando.	3
13799	"Over crowded, hard to find a parking spot for it to be the largest McDonald's in the U.S.
over an hour to get a Big Mac meal. Ordered a pizza that came before the big Mac meal. The pizza was very salty yeah I guess that's what you get when ordering pizza at a McDonald's. My kids ordered pasta and were also disappointed."	1
13800	Largest McDonald                           s in the U.S. they are trying to doing so much and doing none of it well. Four  orders and three had missing items. No salt on the room temperature 	2
13801	So many unusual items!  Got the pepperoni and mushroom pizza and the ham and cheese french toast.  CRAZY!  Really enjoyed the experience and would highly recommend everything stop here.  The chocolate cake was pretty good too!	4
13802	"We went here on June 6, 2023. We tried a little bit of everything.
Ordered a Philly cheesesteak, pepperoni pizza, kids meal, big Mac meal and 2 mcdoubles.

The wait was absolutely ridiculous and when they brought us the food it was ice cold. We didn't complain because the lines were super long and nobody was around to help. The one guy picked up my daughter's kids meal thought it was trash and I told him and he said he was sorry and walked off.
The arcade was just a mad house. So busy and very dirty so was the restrooms. We don't be going back that's for sure."	2
13803	"We came here all the way from Hungary, excited to try out a                            real                            american McDonald                           s. Unfortunately our experience could not have been worse. After over 45 minutes of waiting I got my Big Mac delivered to our table cold, which I honestly would    "	1
13804	"This McDonald's did not live up to the hype I saw on the internet. It was crowded and small. I entered and all of my expectations dropped. I ordered at the kiosk since the line was long. All of the items I've seen online through social media were either unavailable or not there at all. I saw the ""famous"" pizza and pasta, I tried the pizza. After ordering my food and sweets, I waited at the only table I could find that wasn't already taken. I ordered a small drink so I figured if I had to wait maybe they would at least bring me the cup so I can get a drink, I was wrong. I made a special request for my McFlurry and within minutes of ordering, I was told my special request couldn't be done since they had already made my McFlurry. I thought they would make the ice cream items last so they don't melt while waiting for the food. I didn't order much, and I know there was a line but I received the pizza faster than anything. I waited for a total of 30 minutes for the rest of my food. They waited until everything was done to bring it to me and it wasn't even good. The chicken was dry and looked old, my burger was cold, my McFlurry was made wrong so I didn't eat that and they gave me the wrong slice of cake... very disappointed. The pizza was the only food item that didn't suck entirely. It was very thin but tasted okay. Definitely wouldn't go back ever again. Not worth the trip, or the hype."	1
13805	"We thought it would be cool to visit one of the largest McDonald's in the world.  We regretted it.  The chicken sandwich and pizza were all burnt a little too much.  The ice machines weren't working very well.  The place was a mess and loud for 430 on a Sunday.  The arcade had a few money grabbers where it took your money but no game But the skeeball had a machine that let you play for free.
This place is just crazy and more expensive than my usual trip to McDonald's.  I don't need to try their pizza which isn't bad but not great either.  I would skip this or plan to come to try the pizza only as the price of pizza is fair."	2
13806	My family was dining there and the people that was with us got their food way before us. I waited for an hour before deciding to inquire about mine and my daughters pasta dishes. I stood in line for about ten minutes when a member of management came. They went to look for it. Was just sitting under a heat lamp. We will never step foot in that McDonalds again. We ordered our food at 7:34pm and got our food at 8:45pm Shame on you McDonalds	1
13807	It was to crowded but food was good and there are so many other options like pasta that you cant find in regular stores. The second floor was amazing for the little ones with big playgroung and Arcade section. Would love to come back on a not to busy day. We visit Sunday at noon.	5
13808	"Awesome McDonald's to visit and eat. The food was delicious and the customer service was great. You place your order at the machine and they will deliver the food anywhere you are. I love the arcade area and there was plenty of seating. The atmosphere was relaxing and restrooms,food area,drink area and arcade were clean. They have 2tories and both were very well maintained. I definitely recommend visiting this McDonald's with your children. They will have lots of fun."	5
13809	"biggest in the world - but still a mcd's. the golden arches doesn't really do anything impressive - i mean, disappointment is kinda expected.  Walked in with no expectations.  I like that they have other food besides the regular burgers. was impressed by the brick oven pizzas they were putting together. we tried ordering breakfast (ALL DAY) but they were out of so many entrees... like OUT! not sure how you run the world's biggest McD's and not have stuff on hand at 2.30 in the afternoon. It wasn't super crowded. Love the self-ordering kiosk (that's what you get for demanding $15/hr for fast food wages). Love even more that you can order from your app and just go pick it up at the counter. Our fries were as expected from the golden arches.  the top floor has seating and an arcade.  the main floor has a lot of seating areas with plenty of window seating. for it being the world's biggest, it really didn't seem THAT big ... also, they could have more of a variety of entrees / foods / dishes that is different from a regular neighborhood mcd's - just a thought."	4
13810	The service was very slow compared to Ireland and our order was mixed up even though we ordered on the self service machines. The soft drinks were flat but otherwise no complaints.  American McDonalds burgers taste quite different to Irish Mcdonalds.	4
13811	"Very loud and busy. Very big inside with McDonald's pizza place too
Upstairs is a big kids play place
But you will have to wait about 20 -30 mins too receive your order
So that a downside and its very crowded so if u have a problem with crowded places don't go inside because it alot of people inside ordering and waiting and it's just to much"	5
13812	"Nice, big McDonald's on the International Drive. The place was packed and too noisy. The service was fast, though, and had decent food. Will try again for sure."	4
13813	"Everyone should come here once just to check it out.

Ice cream, cake, cheesecake, pizza, pasta. An arcade with prizes. A huge play area.

All of our food didn't come out together...curious how fries and a drink cup come out 15 minutes after pasta and pizza? Lol.

The pasta with Alfredo sauce was bland and not great. The pizza was delicious.

It was pretty chaotic and loud but overall clean. Workers constantly moving."	3
13814	"Love this McDonald's, it has a great variety of food, I think this is the only McDonald's that serves pizza and real dessert, like this peanut butter chocolate cake. Check it out!"	5
13815	"Used a ice cream cone reward. The machine was broken and asked me if I wanted something else. I said a mango smoothie. They ended up giving me strawberry banana. Furthermore visited again and they never had my order took 30 mins for someone to help. 3rd time didn't print receipt and the customer service was horrible, but the whole time he had the ability to print a duplicate. Stay away if you don't want to deal with them."	1
13816	I came to Orlando for Disney world and ended up coming to the largest McDonald                           s I                           ve ever seen. I can proudly tell my family I got pizza and pasta from McDonald                         	5
13817	"We were given the wrong meal (the same meal) more than 4 times while employees argued that it wasn                           t our food and we                           ve been sitting here with our table number and corresponding receipt stating what we ordered for almost an hour still with no food. The outside looks amazing but inside is complete chaos the coordination and way of operating a busy business to get people their correct orders in this type of area with high population needs improvement.

Update: After 45 mins we got our food, Luke warm fries and the Sandwiches weren "	2
13818	It was cool definitely check it out!	4
13819	"I really wanted to looooove this Mc Donalds store since they are the biggest in the world. But being this ""famous"" comes with a price: overcrowded and short staff. People were mad in the line asking for the food, saying they ordered their meal 30 minutes ago. Hello?30 minutes? This is insane. Very tourist location. I just wish the manager would hire more people to work there so they can attend that much of people."	2
13820	"I was so excited to visit the worlds largest McDonalds even though McDonalds is not one of my favorite places. If you are a parent you understand. Lol. But this one has so many more options to choose from. I got pasta and my son got pizza. Both were very good. They even have a separate desert counter.
If you have little ones you definitely want to check this place out. The Play Place is huge."	5
13821	"Always super busy, the pasta is mid, the pizza is surprisingly delicious, the deserts are fantastic! the vibe is pretty fun, a very cool playground and arcade upstairs (with flappy bird of all things) always fun to stop here when I hit Orlando :)"	5
13822	"Too crowded, tables were a mess and they took almost 40mins to have our food ready, when we ask for it they weren't too helpful/friendly. The upstairs AC wasnt running or something was wrong it was too hot, overall it just seems like they were understaffed for the amount of people there."	1
13823	It was late at night but still very much full. The food was great but they were so busy I had to wait long while to get my food. Other Than that it was great.	3
13824	MCpizza is the best item in the menu.	5
13825	"Place is great for kids. Usual McDonald's food, but cost a lot more. Better to go to a different McDonald's location to eat and Epic just got play and fun."	4
13826	"Thoroughly disappointed with our visit. Food took ages and was mediocre at best. The air con didn't work so we were sweltering. Used the arcade, half the machines did not work, had to wait half an hour to get prizes. The staff were rude and unhelpful. I would advise not to bother  visiting."	1
13827	"Loved the look of the store. Kids had a good time in the arcade. One part of my party waited over an hour for their food.  Went to ask about it three times and was told it was on its way.  The fourth time, I went to the counter to ask about the order and was told that their system went down and that It had lost the order. Little did they know that I currently work for McDonald's, and I asked the manager how they were still taking orders if the system went down and no one was on the phone with tech support. All of a sudden, they found the order and rushed it to us. I feel that what had happened is that the order was served off and no one wanted admit to it."	5
13828	"They have an arcade upstairs but no one working in the arcade, and play area. No one is available to redeem tickets for prizes. Who wants to leave without their prize, not my kid!"	1
13829	"Overcrowded and rude employees when we went. Overhyped in my opinion. Just browse the pictures on the internet and call it good.  There                           s no need to visit this place. Smaller jungle gym than we thought and too overcrowded with kids shoving each other and climbing over each other. We wanted to try the pizza but they closed shortly after we arrived. Mind you, it was open when we first arrived but we had to wait in a ridiculously long line only to find out they closed while we were waiting and"	1
13830	This was actually a pretty cool McDonald                           s. Needed to experience it. Service was quick especially with the amount of	5
13831	"Big disappointment. They closed 2nd floor area at 9:30pm so didn't get to see upstairs. Nuggets were smaller and drier than usual, and they forgot half our order but they were nice about it. Oh well, can't expect much in this super touristy area."	2
13832	I was amazed that this was a McDonald's. The wide variety of items offered outside of the normal McDonald's menu was impressive. When I went some of those stations were closed but if I'm ever in Orlando again when there are open I will definitely try them. Can you imagine getting pizza from McDonald's or ice cream?	5
13833	"Great location, very cool place to visit especially if you have kids. Very cool that they have pizza and pasta. Even omelets and waffles too. Play area is the coolest part. With arcade too. Only down side was that the restroom  were fu*king gross. (Mens restroom) over all tho it was great !"	4
13834	Had to wait 15 minutes to redeem video game tokens. Long line of people waiting. Ended up leaving. Unacceptable. Do better McDonald's.	1
13835	"The best McDonald's I have ever visited.  It is nice and incredibly clean.  At this McDonald's, you can get both burger, pizza and pasta, something I haven't seen at other McDonald's.  On the first floor there is a large play area for children and an arcade.  However, one must be aware that because of the play area, there is some noise on the first floor.  But far less noise in the ground floor."	5
13836	Food was good and service was great	5
13837	"The person on the drive thru does not pay enough attention to what you order. Had to correct it at the pickup, nice lady at the delivery window, but still the hamburgers turned out different to what we ordered. (Single meat instead of double meat)."	3
13838	The building looked good and It had a lot of stuff but the employees didn't even know the food or how it was supposed to be made when they gave us the food we were missing have of the food they gave us a chicken sandwich with no chicken instead they had put a beef patty in it and one of the drinks was messed up in the second floor the air conditioning didn't work it was so hot in there plus employees were just standing there not doing nothing and just ignoring the mess that was there it had poor service I do not recommend very clogged and slow service too	1
13839	Different food options from the traditional mickey D's but we went for the arcade. Can easily spend a few hours here on a hot or rainy day and not break the bank.	5
13840	"This one is circular & has 2 levels with multiple kiosks to order. They served pasta, cheese steaks & fancy desserts as week as the usual. The dining room is huge, along with a small area with a brick oven for fresh pizza, an area with games & plenty of seating upstairs but it was so crowded, you couldn't enjoy it! Not worth the wait."	3
13841	"If you're looking for an atypical Mcd's the. This is it. Housed in the heart of International Drive, this world record holding burger joint holds its own. Two stories of seating, a GIANT play area for kids, and even a little video game section. You don't just get burgers and nuggies here, they have stone fire pizza, pasta, and cake! It's an experience for sure. Just a heads up, you'll be paying a slight premium for the whole event. Not much but you'll notice. I'd suggest ordering on the app and getting a discount;)"	4
13842	We went here for my sons 11th birthday and he loved it. Dress for warm weather because up stairs where the play place is. It   	4
13843	"What can you say, it's thr world's largest McDonald's. I was expecting that since it's the world's largest they would have some of the different McDonald's products from around the world instead the only unusual items were pizza, pasta and desserts. There is an arcade upstairs with fun games with a few broken ones. If you want to go to McDonald's and are in the area it's worth it to stop to say you've been, but IMO not worth making a special trip."	3
13844	"Came here to florida for work purposes and brought the kids. Food was good,overpriced, but good and came out quick. We came around 9:30am on a sunday. I was happy to see they have the bagel sandwiches back as texas doesn't have them yet. My boys played on the playground and the arcade. Half the games didn't work but would take money off the card anyways so we just played the ones that did work so we could get prizes and leave. Crowded and loud but fun."	4
13845	"BE CAREFUL WITH THEIR CARS. STEAL if you park it for 5 min. They break the glass because they know that MANY TOURISTS visit it. You will NEVER get your belongings back because not even the police are interested in solving the robbery. ME BEING YOU, I WOULD NEVER GO."	1
13846	"Pizza was warm and took half an hour to arrive, but the replacement was fast and came hot."	3
13847	half of the stuff on the menu was unavailable & the upstairs was closed.. granted i did visit around 11/12pm. the janitor was moping the same spot for 15 minutes. and my burger patty was hard and a little burnt . I would come back though cause it                    	2
13848	I ordered the chicken sandwich and it had a fish taste. Hopefully cooked in oil previously used for fish verse going bad. Also dried out- threw most of it way. Soda was    	1
13849	A big and busy McDonald's with more choices than usual.	5
13850	"If I could give 1/2 a  I would!! My son & I ordered a pizza each. The server brought out 2 but only handed my son his. I commented that we ordered 2, she had 2 on the tray but still walked away telling 1 minute as she walked away w/the other pizza walking around the entire place including going upstairs!! I'm sure they wouldn't put 2eparate customers orders on the same tray. After 10 minutes I went up to the counter to ask where my pizza was as I see a different employee walking past me w/a pizza without a cover!! I turn to see where she was heading & it was to where my son was sitting. I adked her why the cover was off & she couldn't answer!! To top it all off there was hair under one of my pieces of pizz!! Shouldn't employees be wearing hairnets or have their hair tightly up & not hanging down??

I'm very disappointed w/this being my 1st time here."	1
13851	"Absolutely manic busy. The food was usually McDonald's fare, however chips were cold. The place seems really disorganised and half the self service kiosks were out of order (I wondered if this was to help the kitchen keep up). Homeless people coming in and raiding tables with food left. Not a pleasant experience at all and one of the worst McDonald's I have ever visited, needs security guards I feel"	1
13852	"Slowest service on planet. Atleast 50+ cars left in last 30 mins while I am waiting on drive thru.
If you can staffed appropriately and efficient folks can make thousands extra without doing anything extra. Just process order with some speed and sense of urgency. Very slow service, I wonder if top management is aware of how slow is the food service in general at McDs. It                           s been 50 mins in drive thru still no luck.
There are only a few unique items on the menu and this i"	2
13853	Gets jammed packed with tourist. If you order on the app to pickup in store instead of thru the drive thru and decide to go inside they make you get in line for counter pickup which takes even longer. Parking lot gets full with no place to park. I suggest you go to a different location if you want to order and eat and park All in one place. Terrible experience	1
13854	If you haven't been here you need to see it!!! Updating Review this place is still very interesting definitely bringing the kids. food hasn't changed pizza is fantastic.	5
13855	"I went here with a lot of expectations so I'm a little disappointed.  However, its pretty great place still. This place is like a mini Chucky cheese married a McDonald's and its give birth to this biggest McDonald's.  Its 2 floors with limited parking.  They do have wood fired pizza.  I wish I tried its.  The pizza looked good.  The staffs were super friendly.  One McDonald's employee went around asking how everyone was doing."	4
13856	"-Pizza is from a Fire oven - turned out good!
-Philly Cheesesteak was also very good
-AC upstairs was struggling, was pretty hot when we went
-Kids sweatted up a storm from playing at the play place which was also warm
-We did not have any issues finding seating, have tables for big groups on the 2nd level (8 of us)"	4
13857	Biggest McDonald            	5
13858	"The staff treats people like an actual customer...There everyday practically (doordash driver). Amazing staff... One thing I hate is having to mix my own flurry when they usually mix it up for you. Other than that little flaw... I definitely feel safe, Welcomed, No rude staff. When their busy, we have to wait a 1H for the food, when their not.. we get our food within 20-30 minutes. Surely recommend bringing small kids to the play area."	5
13859	"I can honestly say this is the world's worst McDonald's I have so far experienced. A 45-minute wait for a very simple and straightforward order. I've eaten in McDonald's all over the world, and the food quality and service let this one down severely. So many people were angry with ridiculous waiting times, wrong orders, crushed food, and items not available. I do not recommend it!"	1
13860	I lived in fl. all my life and this McDonald's location is the biggest I have been 2. It has an upstairs & downstairs for seating. Upstairs also has a game room. I didn't order anything because the prices seem higher than normal. That was understandable because it's located in a tourist area. I just amazed of how it look inside. Seems like a great place 2it & eat with the family.	4
13861	"Multi-level place. Loud but fun. Like a Chuck-E-Cheese inside a Mickey D's.

Lots of games on 2nd level. Plenty of tables. Fast service. Kiosk fairly easy to order & pay."	5
13862	Went through the drive through barely said our first item and was told to hold on and she just disappeared for over 5 minutes. We were being honked at by people thinking we were holding up the line. I asked for a flat white (in the UK that's what McDonald's calls a regular white coffee) she very rudely said no you can go to bucks for that. When we did receive our order the big Mac's were replaced with basic cheeseburgers. I definitely won't bother next time we are in Orlando.	1
13863	"Even though the s make no sense on my review, the experience of a different McDonald's is definitely worth it.

The place isn't the cleanest, service isn't the fastest or most efficient, and the atmosphere a bit frantic; it's worth a visit to have a pizza or decent diner breakfast from McDonald's. Worth the experience."	5
13864	"Very slow service took over an hour, food came out separately so my food was cold by the time the rest arrived. Staff didn't seem to care. Food when it arrived was not as requested but was too exhausted to bother complaining any more."	1
13865	"Just don                           t go, food was really bad even though it a mcDonalds. Tried it out "	1
13866	Supposedly they do close for their staff to take a break and are not 24 hours. Maybe they should hire more staff or pay a decent wage. Not like they can     	1
13867	"Visited today. Play place was out of service. Dine in service was not available. Some of the menu items we wanted were not available Ordered food from the machine, but a staff member said he couldn't find it in the system, ted to retype it in the cashier. Our order was customized and the worker made a few mistakes. When I asked what was going on, he ted making rude comments and asked if I spoke English.
I asked for the refund, and the worker refunded me $3 less. Then the manager came, and fixed the refund error. The manager was calm, but didn't offer any apology.

The saddest part is - this is a flagship McDonalds location, advertised as the biggest McDonalds in the world with Play Place and Entertainment. I hoped to see exemplary service and atmosphere, but it was a huge disappointment.

I wish next time I visit (if ever) to see working services, friendly and competent staff, and adequate food selection. Peace!"	1
13868	"This was, indeed, a large McDonald's.
The entire upstairs is an arcade, and playground, maybe.
It comes with the problems you might expect in the world's largest McDonald's.
Still, it's the WORLD'S largest McDonald's.
The upstairs bathroom was real small, still,
I have been and you haven't!
The Big Breakfast with Hotcakes was excellent."	4
13869	"Would have given it a higher rating, but the only reason we stopped was the play area, and they decided that lunch time on a Friday afternoon was the best time to close it to do maintenance."	3
13870	The  workers over there aren                           t very smart..I called at 10:20am to ask what time did they stop serving breakfast                           .he stated that they served breakfast all day over the phone. My reply was okay well what time do you all stop serving breakfast through the drive thru                           his reply we stopped serving breakfast and then I was abruptly hung up 	1
13871	"Great time! Never though i would eat a stake and egg breakfast in McDonald's. It was a bit overcrowded for my liking. Other than that? Food was hot, food was cooked to order. Would go back again!"	4
13872	This place is crazy packed. Our food came out at a decent time. It's worth a stop to experience it.  Just be prepared to be in a crowd.	5
13873	"For being on of the biggest McDonalds in the heart of orlando, they need more staff. It took them about 20 mins drive through for a 10 PC nugget and fries. The worker also had an attitude that I didn     "	1
13874	This location is a joy. I have been going here when im in Orlando for 30 years first with my kids and now with my grandkids. The way it is laid out it is very customer friendly. And the kids just love the play area and game room upstairs. To this day the staff continues to be very friendly and helpful.	5
13875	Be prepared to spend $10-$13 per person. Clean bathrooms also. Staff is friendly and helpful with the ordering. Upstairs is wild and crazy.	4
13876	"Apparently, it is the biggest McDonald                           s on Earth. It is a 2tory building that offers specialty cakes, pasta, and custom built pizzas. Also, it has a huge indoor playground for kids as well as the arcade room.

The Food.
We tried pizza and, surprisingly, it was pretty good having in mind it came from the fast food chain. Touch screen menu had enough options of ingredients to customize pizza order based on personal taste. Keep in mind that some toppings cost extra. I would rate pizza 7-8 points out of 10.

The Ambience.
This McDonald                           s is clearly a touristy, family place which is good. Also, the service was pretty quick given the location           "	4
13877	"Too crowded, wait hours in line for food, just go to a regular McDonald's not worth the wait either. Waste of time in line. Arcade  is also small and not worth it, go to a bigger and better one."	2
13878	"The food is good. But they are understaffed and struggling to provide food on time. It takes hours even to get a slice of cake or coffee . For pizza, the wait time was horrible."	5
13879	"This is the first McDonald                           s I have went to that creates pasta and pizza! Believe it or not, it taste good! I                           m super surprised my dish come out delicious! However, everything come with a price. It is a bit expensive than every other McDonald                           s since one plate of customize pasta or coal customized pizza can cost from $12-$20 depending on what you want. It is easily for 3 people to spend at least $60-$100 at this place! I don                           t recommend their philly "	4
13880	The worst McDonald                   	1
13881	"Fries were half full and soggy, drinks had ice even though we specifically asked for none, payed for extra sauce and didn    "	1
13882	"This mcdonald's is the worst I've ever been to, poor parking available, the staff that work there cant get the orders right and we waited 40 mins for a mcflurry that we never got. Overall experience was very disappointing considering we have come from the UK."	1
13883	"This place was cool. However, with Covid right now no one had control of anything. There was not spaced out seating. People were on top of each other. None of the employees seemed to care that there was no social distancing. I was expecting some type of Covid policy to be in place and there was for staff. But they seemed to care less about the people who visited. I will never be going back here again."	2
13884	"Waited more 45min for my food. I understand when is full, is gonna take longer to prepare the food, but after 40min paased, I asked them about my order and no knew about it and ignored me, I asked another lady, staff mention they already made it.  I don't like to bash but this one was bad service"	1
13885	The place was a little dirty and it took almost 30 minutes to get our food. But they had a good variety of food. My teens still want some more McDonald's pizza	5
13886	The                            crispy chicken sandwich                            was Terrible dry and hard ! Employees 	1
13887	"Nastiest play land,  games were broke but still took your money,  no employees anywhere to be found in game room.  Couldn't cash out tickets won with no one in game room or at ticket redemption counter.
Pizza was poor quality and over cooked.
Don't be sold on the hype of worlds largest McDonald's.

Stay away"	1
13888	"Large, very busy McD's with a larger menu. Food was a bit slow, and it was hard to find a table. Pizza was surprisingly good."	4
13889	"This is the World's largest McDonald's by square footage. They have  play place, arcade, and unique menu items like pastas, salads, Belgian waffles, a bistro menu, and dessert options you can't find at any other location. Don't fear because they still have the                                      fries,                                      chicken nuggets, and    "	4
13890	"Every time info through the drive thru, I get a snotty kid who doesn                           t even know how to listen correctly to an order. I mean how frustrating is it to get an orde"	1
13891	So it is my birthday today and I wanted to try something I have never tried in my 47 years. A McDonald's pizza or as they call it a McPizza (there are only 3 McDonald's that serve them). The Pizza and pasta were truly awesome. We did the ordering from the kiosk and proceeded to our seat. Everything was great except they didn't bring my husband's latte. So I asked the gentleman that brought the food to bring the drink. We were nearly done by the time we received it and it was incorrect. After eating we went to get the correct one and the manager had an attitude and basically filled a small cup up with milk and handed it to us. Overall the food was great. The only reason I am giving 4 is because of the issue with the drink. We will be back but next time we will get water.	4
13892	"My kids love the indoor playground.
The whole place was sticky, sweaty and stinky!. I don't know what's wrong with the a/c but a lot of people could be the reason. Keep your kids close at all times."	5
13893	"A really fun experience.  So many food options.  It was easy to find vegan-friendly food.  The quality of food was about cafeteria quality but it still beat having to eat something considered regular food at this place.  They have a large indoor play area, an arcade, fish tank, a sundae kind-of station.  The kids loved it!"	4
13894	Neat experience but dirty restaurant. We did come around 11pm and they were very busy. Husband did love the pizza.	4
13895	"One of the world's largest and most interesting McDonald's. Located in the busy area right in the hub of Orlando off of iDrive.

This is a two-story McDonald's hosting some of the world's rarest menu items including both pasta and pizza and a ton of cakes and other amazing trees.

A great place to visit if you're looking for something fun and interesting in Orlando. If you're a fan of McDonald's, this is the one you're going to want to check out. Although it is always very busy because it is in the downtown tourist hub right near Universal Orlando, I drive, and many other great tourist destinations.

This McDonald's features both counter service and has multiple kiosks of available so you can go up and order easily. There is a drive-thru available.

This is currently the only place in the world serving McPizza with several options available as well as customizations. This is also one of three places in the world including the Philippines and Italy that are currently serving McDonald's pasta. Definitely an interesting menu item to try out if you're looking for something a little different. They also have a full ice cream and cake shop with plenty of dessert choices.

Upstairs host a full gaming arcade with air hockey, skiball, arcade games, and a ticket area to collect prizes once you're all done.

If you're looking for an interesting affair and a little bit of a different McDonald's experience, this is the place to visit."	5
13896	"Not the best experience in the world's biggest McDonald's. Employees were talking to each other and just screaming the order numbers. It took me some time to order cause there was no employee to register my order.
Although, food is good as always and every McDonald offers"	3
13897	"For this to be the biggest mcdonald's in florida, they were out of a lot of things, the lines were all over the place, the food is more expensive and a couple of the kiosk were down. We ended up leaving without any food and went to another mcdonald's. Lol not what I expected at all. Terrible"	1
13898	all food was good but pricey.	5
13899	"It was pretty cool for a McDonald's!
They should all be this way .
It's kind of like Chuckie Cheese with the arcade upstairs.
The pizza and pasta were good."	5
13900	"Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to and I've been to many! Waiting for almost an hour for your food is NOT fast-food!! The staff didn't care. There were massive queues of very unhappy customers.  Even though it was supposed to be a 24 hour breakfast place, there were no breakfast items available at all.  Some of the food was inedible and/ or cold.  I'll never return to this McDonald's!!"	1
13901	"Ok so here's the deal..we sat upstairs...they brought us our food with no cups and no fork, no butter ,and no syrup for babies pancakes and also forgot a bacon bagle...when we told them they said they were out of bagles because it was no lunch refused to make another to correct there mistake rude with a bad attitude...I am talking about 6 min after 11 and we spent 70.00 there...NEVER again we were on vacation...so this is the memory our kids have of the largest McDonalds in the country!!!!"	1
13902	"This is the best McDonald's in the country! The service is on point! They are friendly and always looking to make your experience here better. The place is spotless. As for the kids, this place offers a 3tory playground along with video games. But what makes this place special is the staff in particular Perrin. This gentleman is at your service with a smile and a great personality. I can't say enough good things about this place! You need to relax and let the kids go after a long day at the park...? This is it!!"	5
13903	"Yo first time here. This joint got a play area, I                           m talking arcade style on the second joint. "	4
13904	"The rooms were a nice size.  The place was very clean 12 rooms, 12 bathrooms, 2 refrigerators, 2 dishwashers, and pool w sauna, attached to the house.  It was completely furnished from plenty of towels to dishes.  I will most definitely be back. Oh, and did I say the maintenance staff was very efficient one call that's call. Two family rooms w 60 plus inch T.V. s and 50 inch T.V.s and up in each bedroom."	5
13905	"First of all keep on mind this is McDonald's a very upscale McDonald's but it is it. My family and I really enjoyed it here. It was very clean although crowded assistance was given with processing our order and the employee explained how I can get a discount through the McDonald's app, he was very patient.  It is very large and the game room was great! The other employees were very nice and took our trays and trash. The was McDonald's flavor, but the pizza was good. The cookies were so fresh and warm, very delicious. More than the regular McDonald's food options. Overall a great visit!"	5
13906	"We went to this McDonald                           s and ordered the pasta with ravioli noodles and bolognese sauce,Mind you it was good when I was eating it and when I got home after like 30 mins i te"	1
13907	"Fun for kids with play area and video games. Food was not good. Should have passed on the Philly cheese steak, was just ground hamburger.  Drinks were watery and Dr. PEPPER didn't work at all."	3
13908	"Messed up the order. Granted we had a group, so it was almost expected. However, instead of fixing it they copped an attitude and insulted my aunt. They didn't give us our drinks either and told us to go behind the counter and do it ourselves. The arcade was not even half working either.  Being a tourist area you'd think they'd be on par."	3
13909	"It's a McDonald's, so it's pretty much the same as every other McDonald's. It was busy, but food came quickly. Kids loved the study play but it was overcrowded so they gave up after a bit. Fine if you're hungry."	3
13910	"World biggest McDonald                           s should also be called, world slowest McDonald                           s.  Order took over 20 minutes to reach.  I                           m my case I had a Pizza, really good.  But the British ppl behind me that were concerned with the delay had  like a quarter pounder and nuggets , they also experienced  25 minutes delay.

If you steadily have big traffic of customers "	3
13911	In the area above it is very hot! In the playground park there were teenagers and it's uncomfortable that you can't see your little children inside with the teenagers also playing upstairs. I think the restaurant should take control of those who can't enter in the playground   	3
13912	"Only could give 3. Simply put, to crowded and unorganized ordering process. Basically a free for all. Other then that,pretty cool oversized McDonald's with a kids area and arcade for your littles that trumps any play area I been to as a kid.   "	3
13913	Highly recommend!! Pizza was   	5
13914	"I never imagine we could eat a great pizza, pasta and Philly Cheesesteak at Mc Donald, but the true is they are amazing, a must try if you visit this specific place."	5
13915	"This location is huge for a McDonald's. It has play area and arcade games. It also offers customize pizza and pasta menu, in addition to the usual offering. Prices are slightly more compared to other locations, which is justifiable given the amenities it offers. I saw some reviews complained about slow or bad service. I didn't notice that on my visit.  Overall, I think it worths a visit if u happen to be in the area."	4
13916	"Just told there is absolutely nothing on the menu that's gluten free.

Reminds me of when I used to go in restaurants 20 years ago. Very ignorant to a common allergy these days"	1
13917	It's the largest McDonald's that I have ever been to. It has a second floor that has an arcade and a quiet side for those who prefer technology.  The menu is huge you can get just about anything from your typical Mc care to pizza and great ice cream desserts.	5
13918	"Food is okay just like another McDonald's but they have pizza, service is okay but always busy, building is amazing for kids with the playground and arcades."	4
13919	"I dint get to go up stairs....
But it is well kept and so dang busy...
The fishes seemed hungry and lethatgic"	5
13920	"Had to stop by , service in the restaurant was slow , people confused ,                                      we wanted to see the largest McDonald's "	3
13921	surprisingly fast for such a large busy location. After time at Disney it is nice to have a more affordable meal.	4
13922	Best McDonald's I have ever visited. This is one of the few McDonald's in the USA that still serve pizza. On top of the coal fire build your own pizza they have custom pastas and build your own omelets. The jungle gym for the kids is huge and they bring your food right to the table. The trash cans are automatic as well as the seat covers. To add icing on the cake (which they also have at their dessert bar ) there is an arcade with a prize table. This is honestly the best McDonald's experience I have ever had.	5
13923	"If there is any McDonald                           s world wide that deserve a five  rating then this is the only location that must get it . McDonald here offer pizzas , subs , desert bar , kids playing area with arcade, amazing service "	5
13924	It was good but very crowded. They have extended menu from regular Macdonald which I recommend to try.	4
13925	"Busy, dirty, badly organised, expensive, no vegetarian options. They are capitalising on the 'biggest' thing but it is not worth a visit! No vegetarian options. Self service machine not working, no receipts, card machine not working.  I could go on!

Edit, I will go on... the ketchup had run out, the lemonade syrup had run out, the food took over 30 minutes, there was a cup of coffee spilt on the stairs with safety cones that was not cleared up for the hour we were there."	1
13926	This places was crazy busy. Took 45 minutes to get our food. The play area was  a fun experience.	4
13927	World's biggest McDonald's it is really cool you should see this when you're in Orlando 2tories tall ginormous playground and arcade and they have special menu items I got the brick oven pizza that was cooked in an actual Brick Oven it was actually pretty good and cheap but the service is very slow it took them 30 minutes just to give me my food.	4
13928	"Ordered 2 hamburgers ketchup only in the drive thru.  Had to park and go in the store to take the order back 2 times to get it right...took 30 minutes total and in the process, got attitude."	1
13929	"The biggest in the world!! My sons loved it!! I took them to a trip to DisneyWorld and they keep saying they want to go back, to the biggest McDonald                "	5
13930	Very nice very crowded it's insane crazy. But the kids love it. It's a playground for the kids arcade and all.	5
13931	"Worst service ever!
45 mins for a cheese pizza! on a fast food!  My mistake trying out a pizza on a burger place...all hype biggest mcdonald...never gonna go/eat in this location again!!!! And yeah pizza tasted awful..."	1
13932	"The kids had a blast! Very hectic and tons of folks are there. You order at a kiosk and then they bring your food to you. Our food arrived in an orderly time. Although, the fries were cold and we had to send them back. The kids enjoyed the play area and game area. I recommend you let your kids wear socks or bring some. Otherwise they run around the nasty floor barefooted when they are on the playground. They also have an icecream and dessert area."	4
13933	I                           m a very picky eater and for me a once in a while treat is great and saying that there is no vegetables in t	4
13934	"Nice McDonald's with bigger menu selections like pasta and pizza, separate dessert area, play structure, game room, and decorative items like fish tanks, paintings of McDonald's characters. 2 floors of dining"	4
13935	Super cool and fun international McDonald's! We loved the Wood Fired Pizza and all the different languages spoken there as well as the Arcade upstairs.	5
13936	"This place is like WOW you'll walk in and say is this McDonald's or what ,great foods here you'll be amazed before you walk all the way in"	5
13937	Overheard a lot of uncertainty in the kitchen. And I was knocking on the window for about 2 minutes or more just to get the sauce I ordered. It was completely unresponsive.	1
13938	It was fun checking out the worlds largest McDonald                         	5
13939	"We finally made it to the Biggest McDonalds!! It was a Thursday so it was busy but not packed. Line moves quickly and they bring your food to you. The play area was fun with lots of places to climb but, our let down was the arcade! The selection was ok and some were out of order. Not to mention you don't really rack up too many tickets. Over all, it was fun, food was fresh and it's McDonalds so totally kid friendly!"	4
13940	"I Had A Bad Experience Today, My Family Food Was Late For Around 2 Hours. From 8.20 pm to 10.00. (04/28/22) Maybe Wasn't My Lucky Day. I love This Place, I've been there before and I spent a Nice Time, I don't Know What Happened. Costumer Service Tried To Solve  the Situation But They couldn't, all Costumers Were Angry.. At the end I Had to carry up  my order (incomplete) home...."	1
13941	I give this place five s because i here stayed overnight for a challenge on my youtube channel quinnotfound and you guys never caught me lol.	5
13942	It was a fun experience but our food was cold and our fries were not salty. I'd go again because I would like to try the pizza and pasta.	4
13943	"One of the best McDonald's in my travels. Great food and great customer service. And the only McDonald's that I know that serves pizza and more! If you're heading to Universal and Island's of Adventure, make a stop at this McDonald's."	5
13944	"A little slow for the amount of people working. Part of the food was cold. Out of our family of 11, seven of our orders were incorrect or missing something. Whipped cream from the waffles, missing slushies, missing OJ, sandwiches incorrect. By the time we got everything tracked down, the hot food was cold. It was still very entertaining for small kids, but adults it's only okay."	3
13945	"Very cool McDonald's with arcade, play place, pizza and pasta. Pasta was actually pretty good. Kids had a great time at the play place."	4
13946	"This McDonald's is very impressive! It's clean, modern, it has a brick pizza oven and fresh pasta options, and a pretty decent arcade on the second level. And they bring your food to you!

Now... I ordered a maple dijon bacon bistro burger and it arrived without bacon and Dijon sauce. They brought it to me on the second floor and left before I noticed the error. I was trying to figure out how I would grab all of my stuff and my kid (who was excited about the play area) go back downstairs, get my order fixed, and avoid a toddler meltdown when I noticed an employee cleaning up. I asked him if he could get my order fixed, even though I knew it wasn't his fault or problem, and he did it happily! He even gave my son a free cookie for the inconvenience AND waited for me to check my burger to make sure everything was right. The customer service there was excellent! The burger was still lackluster                        "	4
13947	"The kids play area  it's speaks for itself can take your child they will play for hours ,foods good and many options to choose from pizza and a friendly staff"	5
13948	"Pretty chaotic inside during dinner time. Not a quick trip. Plan to stay a little while. Pasta is ok, Alfredo sauce was a little bland. Your able to customize your pasta with different meats and veggies but be prepared to pay an extra $1.50 each on top of the pasta already ting at $10.99 Pizza is phenomenal! Thin crust but not too crispy and very flavorful. All of your favorites like normal but with an actual working ice-cream machine!!                                                   "	5
13949	"The worlds largest McDonald's is amazing, a two story playland plus arcade games and an updated menu where you can choose waffles, build your own omelette, pasta and pizza plus delicious desserts. It's a great place to bing the kids on a relaxing day on Orlando; don't take my word, come see for yourself!!!"	5
13950	"I hate to even give this 1  as this was the WORST McD's visit ever! Waited 40 mins for 2 kids meals and 2 burger meals. Didn't get my drink, rcv'd a plain patty in a bun when i ordered a qtr pounder with CHEESE meal, no sauce for nuggets despite it being printed on my receipt which sauces I'd ordered. Got a halfa-s effort shamrock mcflurry instead of the shamrock shake I ordered. A manager was rude and yelling at every customer to move out of the way. The employees weren't friendly and ignored my kiosk help request. Just everyone I had to interact with was incredibly grumpy."	1
13951	Not a nice experience at all . Kids were so excited about visiting this branch as its apparently been on You tube but omg Service is Very poor . Staff seem to have been given a sentence of working in here . The food quality is questionable as well . Would not recomend at all	2
13952	If I could give zero s I would! We drove 40 minutes thinking the kids would get to enjoy the play area but it was closed! We even made multiple calls to the location before going to ask if the play area was open but nobody ever answered the phone! We only found out after ordering and paying for food. No signs and no indication on their website the play area is closed! The video game card advertisement is deceptive and gave our kids 30 credits instead of 30 minutes leaving the done after only two games??!! The first employee had no desire to fix the problem. It wasn                           t till my wife finally complained to the manager. Oh and if you   	1
13953	This is probably the best looking McDonald                           s with a variety of different food options from burgers to pastas to desserts. Don                      	5
13954	"Still maintaining a indoor Playspace with arcade on 2nd floor. Elevator access available, and restrooms on both floors. Delivery for food to tables both floors, ordering on first floor only. Double drive-thru lines. Open 24hrs"	4
13955	This is the best ever McDonald                           s the sheer taste of the burgers is like nothing I                       	5
13956	"Believe me when I say, I love McDonald's, but this particular restaurant is truly dreadful.
Waited 30 minutes for my first (and very probably last) spicy chicken sandwich (photo attached). You'd think with taking that amout of time it would at least resemble the menu picture in some small way, but no.
They ALMOST managed to get some sauce in there. Slightly more would have helped disguise the taste of the burnt brioche bun! I ate it for 3 reasons 1) I was hungry 2) I didn't want to wait a further 30 minutes to be served up another sad, burnt offering and 3) the dead eyes of the staff threatened to haunt my dreams for all eternity and I just couldn't face the soulsucking experience of trying to explain my disappointment to them when they were all clearly in their own personal hells.
Take my advice, if you decide to run the gauntlet of a late evening visit to this restaurant, order the pasta, not a burger, it's pretty decent if you have at least 30 minutes to wait for it. Otherwise, do yourself a favour and wander on to one of the many other restaurant choices in this part of iDrive. Wish I had!"	1
13957	Big place haven't seen a McDonald's like this one two floors to eat and play its like a McDonald's and a chunky cheese in one recommended to every one if your in the area	5
13958	"Definitely worth coming inside to see everything the location has to offer.  Between the specialty menu items like ""build-your-own-pizza"" or Belgian Waffles there's over 50 menu items.  Try some hand-scooped ice cream or bakery cakes with your chicken nuggies.  Full arcade upstairs with huge Play Place."	5
13959	Huge McDonald's! Well staffed and looked cleaner than most location I have visited. Very busy but service was fast. There are plenty of seats in upstairs floors.	5
13960	Great big place for families. Games and playground.  They deliver your food to your table. Very clean and friendly staff.	5
13961	"Awesome McDonalds with a huge dining and play area along with a full arcade. They offer both make your own pizza and pasta which is a unique and fun experience to create via the kiosks. All the food was good and was delivered directly to our table. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Definitely check out the USA's largest McDonalds if you can, you won't regret it!"	5
13962	"We took the kids here for dinner after universal.
We made an 85.00 order. It was very loud as we sat on the second floor.
Be sure to get your drinks on the lower level. We waited 45 minutes to get our food while the kids played.
When we got our order 6 of us didn't get our food.
They deliver to your table. It took another 30 minutes to get our food corrected.
The kids had a great time. We were tired. Seating is comfortable and one young lady helped us finally get our order.
The bathrooms were very clean.
The difference between our morning trip here and the evening trip here was substantially different."	3
13963	Pizza wa excellent. Pasta was good but peppery.  Normal McD food was similar to others.	5
13964	It was crazy!!!!!! We waited so long to order.  Cashier had to get manager to change a $50 every time a customer gave to her ( people are on vacation/ families orders cost!!!!). She had to get manager to over ride coupons. Then she left register to help feel orders. Unfortunately people were leaving several saying that's why chic Fila number 1 mcdonalds should hire their trainers	1
13965	Not your regular McDonalds and this model would be cool to spread across the USA.... Pleasent staff clean attentive aware of needs..... PERRIN WAS A GREAT Host... Made our morning awesome we will be back next year when we are in town for the PGA show!     	5
13966	"Great food. Staff is amazing, unlike any other Mcdonalds you would go to!!!! Better to come here not during its peak"	5
13967	"The customer service was okay and the service was a little slow, but the food was probably the best I                    "	4
13968	It's a 2tory level McDonald's and they have many kiosk they would like you go check out that way but still had a guy on a register. They have all the usual food and them they have pizzas you can order and pasta. I got the tortellini Alfredo with chicken. It was very good. It's just insanely crowded	4
13969	"it was interesting to have 2 levels, but i don                           t think it was as interesting as anticipa"	3
13970	"Lovely meal I ate inside. Staff was pleasant and was available to assist with the ordering board. A cash registered was also available, If you choose not to order from the display board.  Love it."	5
13971	"We waited for an order we placed for more than an hour, asked on several occasions if the order would be ready soon. We were told that it was being prepared (but it wasn't our order).  They checked  again and the order was cold and had been sitting there for the longest time. However, one of the workers was kind enough to redo our order. This was the second day of the vacation & we lived right next door. Haven't been back to 'this' MacDonald's since."	3
13972	"Very nice staff, but the reason I                           m writing this review with 2 is because of the fish tank. They have a fish tank here overcrowded with African cichlids, an aggressive type of fish who will chase each other around, nip at each other and other fish, and sometimes even kill them. They have one Bala shark, which is a very peaceful schooling fish who should be in a group of at LEAST 4 other Bala sharks. (Schooling fish can die from stress in some cases if they are alone.)  He is being nipped at, his fins are torn, and he gets about 16 inches long full grown. There are Plecos that also get about 24 inches long full grown in there too. I didn                           t know who was in charge, I asked but apparently someone comes in to take care of them. I love the staff here! I just want to make sure their fish are being taken care of and happy. It         anld be very happy in there. :) Keep in mind the rule of fish is every inch of fish (think about how big they will be full grown) should have at least one gallon, if not two gallons of water to swim around in. The cichlids alone get anywhere between 6-8 inches, and I couldn                           t even count how many there is in there. Bala sharks are schooling fish and get about 16-18 inches and Plecos get about 24 inches long, and they get very wide as well. V"	2
13973	Nice place for kids but need more staff to keep up with the cleanliness of the place. Nats flying around by trash cans and over your food is horrible. Floors were horrible to walk on.	4
13974	"Do not come here. It is not worth it. The food never comes out hot or fresh, the employees are extremely rude, and the wait times are extremely long regardless of the time of day."	1
13975	"This is a really awesome Macdonald's. Not like any other. Truly unique. It offers a lot especially for kids with an aquarium, slides, and gaming areas. Technology is awesome with individual kiosks for placing orders and service is fast and friendly. We enjoyed it. Plus they serve pizza. All the benefits of the usual McDonald's with bonuses. It's also very clean and modern."	5
13976	"Best restaurant we went to in Florida. Yes I'm serious. Went to 6 restaurants and McDonald's was the best one. Kindest waitstaff, great food, clean eating area. All around Best restaurant experience."	5
13977	"This is by far the biggest McDonald                           s I                           ve ever been too, the 1st level has seating, the registers to order with a person or you can place your order in the kiosk machine, the 2nd level has an Arcade, "	4
13978	Lots of different things on the menu. Kinda cool if you need a snack on vacation! Probably won't spend much time here	5
13979	"The gold standard for all McDonalds and on to of that, you can get pizza and pasta!   You order from the kiosk and take a tent number, get your drink cups from the cashier and find a table.  Your food will be made to perfection (not exagerating, all of our food looked as good and put together as it does on the menu photos).  There's an arcade on the third floor, stop in if you have a chance you won't regret it."	5
13980	One cleanest McDonald's I've ever been inside to eat in. Very fast service pizza was surprisingly good. I would eat here any day.	5
13981	Hard to believe this is a McDonald's. Beautiful building and they even have a brick oven for cooking pizza! They also have a dessert bar and an aquarium. Even if you don't really like McDonald's food it's cool just to check it out.	5
13982	Best McDonald's I have ever been to...it has an awesome game room...like Dave N Busters!  Kids win tickets to exchange for cheap toys....It has a large play gym with multiple slides...computers at tables for ordering or playing games...iced cream bar...etc...	5
13983	Sat upstairs.  Brought food to our table. No drinks machine upstairs.  6 kids. Had to go downstairs to get drinks. Then realized they messed up my order. Still a good experience.  Note. Large family sit downstairs.	5
13984	"This is the largest McDonalds I have ever seen massive two story second level has elevators and stairs and features a really nice play room for the kids and arcade room as well. They serve omelets,cake,cheescake,different flavors of icecream hard serve, woodfired pizza and pasta. Staff was friendly they even feature table service."	4
13985	"We have always visited this branch when we are in Orlando. As always, food prices in this particular location is very expensive. You can not get the morning deal of $2.39 compared to other location in. South FL. It is $3.79 for chicken biscuit and if you want to add a hasbrown, it becomes  $6.79 and since you like to add a drink, you have to add $0.60 for a sweet tea. Small size hot coffee is $1.99. Still a wonderful experience since they had the place renovated. We experienced our first kiosk ordering here when it was first introduced."	4
13986	This is a great family place you can let the little ones run around the place is so clean and sanitized.  This McDonald's has a pizza restaurant within the same building as well so I find that to be a bonus. McDonald's service was friendly and fast and fresh so thanks.	5
13987	I thought I had experienced a few disorganized McDonald                           s before now. This is a whole new level of bad management. One hour wait time for a normal order plus a pizza. - The employees seem to all be very busy and there are plenty of them too. This leads me to believe management are not equipped to handle a location this size and either needs training or needs 	2
13988	"World                           s largest McDonald                           s that serves PIZZA, PASTA & Deserts you cannot get at other Mickey D                           s plus an awesome playplace for kids (separate toddler area)
Arcade inside has quite a few machines - game cards c"	5
13989	Good is the Mac more large in the                                  	5
13990	"This place is massive, and a mad house! It was fun to  check it out, and they have more than the typical McDs menu - with brick oven pizza and a dessert counter - and even an arcade room upstairs where you can earn cheap prizes. Self service kiosks are nice, but chaotic, and a wifi location tracking number leads a server to your table to bring your food. For as long as I waited and as busy as it was, I expected hot and fresh food, but my tenders were room temperature at best, and the fries looked a day old."	3
13991	If you                           re ever visiting Orlando why not go to the biggest McDonald                           s in the world. It is definitely really fun. The pastas and pizzas were surprising	4
13992	"Very busy, but It's nice and different types of food. From cakes to pasta and even pizza. Had the pizza and chicken alfredo they were surprisingly good and easy to go down. Doesn't compare to a good restaurant. But if your craving pizza or pasta can't go wrong"	5
13993	"Totally, not worth it. I've received better service and food at standard McDonald's locations. The prices are ridiculously high for a McDonald's, the people are ghetto, and the facility could have been a lot cleaner."	1
13994	"This is obviously the coolest mcdonalds I've been to. An arcade, little bakery, pizza, pasta and a cheesesteak!? Plus all the mcdonalds food you know of. I'm not giving it 5 because after waiting over 20 minutes and seeing others get their food and not have gotten my order yet, I had to go up to the counter and ask for it. But, the cashier was nice, gave me some extra nuggets for the wait and all was forgiven.

I recomend checking this mcdonalds out at least once in your life. Its definetly not like the one you are used to. Plus, open 24/7."	4
13995	One of the best maccys I've seen. We don't get them the same scale here in the UK.  However during our visit on the middle floor there was female  drug addict camped out in the disabled restroom. Who went into the ladies restroom and blocked a member of our party from leaving and asked her for money. Fortuntely another member of the public went in and out party member returned.   Other than that. Really liked the place	4
13996	It's a great place if you want to wait an hour for your food	1
13997	The world's biggest McDonald's doesn't disappoint. My son was so excited to see they had Wood fired Pizza	5
13998	"The McDonald's pizza is surprisingly good! This particular restaurant is gigantic and well staffed, meaning there is always plenty of seating and service is quick and accurate. This is a fun stop when in Orlando, especially if you are heading east after visiting the Diz."	5
13999	This is supposedly the world's biggest McD. I wanted to see what makes it so popular. Frankly speaking it's just another McD. No special food. Although the dessert section had sugar loaded yum desserts.	3
14000	Worlds biggest Micky D                   	4
14001	Seems like the food is hot or warm which is good but takes 5 mins everytime I order a quarter pounder	3
14002	Was very busy. But food was great and made quickly. We didn                           t get a chance to go up stairs because of the crowd but the kids enjoyed the fish tank	5
14003	Fun place! Biggest MCD's in the country. Service is fast and friendly. Love the extra food selections! Kids really enjoy the arcade upstairs as well.	4
14004	Great experience I got my pizza fast and overall it was great the pizza was well made.	5
14005	"Ok, it's complicated. Its always crowded because of its location but this McDonald's is just unique!! I believe the biggest and if you enjoy McDonald's you are going to love this one. And the pizza and pasta, ""yes you read correct"" is delicious. Its like there own recipes and they got it right !!!"	5
14006	"The pasta was incredible! It was a fair price and the flavor was on par with other more expensive pasta resturants. Overall great experience, the service was good and the restaurant looked clean. No complaints."	5
14007	"Absolutely horrible McDonald's, the staff were rude and over worked. They didn't help you in any way at all. I waited 30 minutes for a coffee and when I went to ask for the cup to pour my own I got snapped at."	2
14008	Has to be the best McDonald                           s I have been in. They say the World biggest Mcd       	5
14009	"This is the biggest McDonald's in the world, has an upstairs with arcades and child's play area.

Menu is extensive, with pasta, pizza, omelettes and all day breakfasts!

If you visit Orlando and like a cheeky McDonald's, be sure to visit here!"	5
14010	"Nice organization, overall clean enough. The food took a while to come and my order needed a lot more salt than it had.
The arcade area was fun! You can pay 5 dollars to have unlimited credits for 30 minutes, not so bad (you can't earn prize tickets with this unlimited mode though)."	4
14011	"""Hostess"" at the entrance had no desire to be there and wasn't shy about showing it, same went for the cashier. If you're used to Canadian prices... expect to pay almost double that. Crispy chicken had pickles on it and that's it, no sauce or anything... it also tasted like fish. Do not recommend. Beyond disappointing for being an ""attraction""."	2
14012	"It didn't seem like the largest McDonald's in the world. But it was big to the point it had an arcade and place where the kids could crawl thru tunnels and go down slides.  The kids had fun. I do not eat from fast food places like McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King etc.... So I can't tell you how the food taste."	3
14013	"Very clear local, kindly staff and I loved the pizza"	5
14014	I visited this McDonald's only for the fame it has. What makes it special is the new menu items pizza and spaghetti. Also the arcade and the top floor is very nice. My food didn't take long and the restaurant was very busy specially on Thanksgiving holiday. 8/10	4
14015	Be ready for a 45 min to 1.5 hr wait for food.  For McDonald's food??? The line for cancelli ng orders was surprisingly long!	2
14016	"Worst McDonald                           s experience EVER. Waited over an hour for food, which was cold when it finally arrived. Had to go back to the line to get our shake and a sundae. While waiting for those, talked to multiple others who had also waited over an hour for food and one who waited over 30 minutes for coffee (he aske"	1
14017	"It's McDonald's on steroids lol never have I  thought pizza and pasta be on the menu here. Wish I tried it before leaving the area, but it was very chaotic inside."	3
14018	"Same mc McDonald's new experience. They offer foods not on the menu at other McDonald's, such as fruity pancakes and pizza. The best part, however, is being able to order breakfast items all day. It also features a second story with playplace and odd singing moon character that plays piano. Parking, however, is hard to find even at the best of times."	4
14019	Fun tourist feel. Kids will go crazy. Nice small arcade. Please ask the crew for help in cashing in winnings they don't have a separate team working the arcade.	5
14020	"While this is a fun mcdonalds with a huge Playland and an arcade, the service is lacking. We ordered and they bring your food to you. We waited at least 20 minutes, went to the counter to check and then they gave us only part of what we ordered. I went back and got the rest, no apology, no compensation....."	3
14021	The indoor playground was close on a saturday. So many families complaining that they traveled to bring their kids here.	1
14022	Food was great and they even served pizza and pasta. Multiple stories with playground and arcade games	5
14023	"Best McDonald's I've ever been to. Good quality food, especially for a fast food reaunt. This McDonald's also had a very fun-looking game room."	5
14024	"The food was good except my husband found a hair on his sandwich. They have pasta, pizza, and different desserts in addition to the regular meal. There is a huge play area and arcade upstairs. It's fun but nothing special. I felt the food was a tad over priced considering our regular sandwich meal was $10 each."	3
14025	"You don't see a McDonald's with two-story anywhere until you come to Orlando, Florida. Just because of the size, I forced my family for us to eat here. They had a whole arcade area, pizza line etc. You have to check it out when you visit Orlando."	5
14026	They forgot to give me cup for my coffee after waiting half hour. And when I went to ask for refund. They gave refund without any hassle and also offered free Apple pie for the inconvenience. And they still gave me cup for coffee. Staff are friendly. Huge play area for kids.	5
14027	"Come on people, this place is so dirty and gross. Didn't try the pizza or pasta, but felt like I waS touching every virus known to man. My Big Mac was cold and no sauce. I was standing there when it was put up."	2
14028	"Wow this McDonald's is different. First of all there's 2 floors. The first floor is essential just for dining and ordering. It is very different than a normal McDonald's however. Then on the second floor, which you can access via stairs or elevator, features a full fledged arcade and children's play area alongside some more eating areas. This McDonald's is a tourist attraction in and of itself. For sure worth a visit, even if you just go to see it because it's pretty cool. They also happen to serve McDonald's Pizza and Pasta too."	5
14029	"Nice McDonalds, but pricy for just getting drinks. Medium soft drink $2.39? Really? Ok, call me a cheapskate, but that                           s a little p"	3
14030	Best McDonald's menu and play ground area I ever seen in my life .	5
14031	"We've been here multiple times and always thru the drive thru. Today, we actually ate inside for lunch. Today, the food was pretty good. Previously, it was ok to good, occasional messed up orders. Regardless,  we will continue to come back."	4
14032	"The low score is for the Maroon Shirt Manager on 4.3.23 who took the phone off the hook and still allowed the app to sell curbside orders that would never be delivered due to the phone being off the hook. Then, making people sit in the lobby and ignore them while she sat and ""responded to surveys."" Well ma'am  here is one for you, since apparently surveys take president over service.

It took the Blue Shirt Manager realizing nothing was being done up front to get anything done. She realized the Maroon Shirt Manager had the phone off the hook for 4 hours, apologizing, correcting issues, and holding people accountable to get anything going.  To her, I am sorry that this is a low scoring survey. She deserves better than that."	1
14033	"The WORST!! We use drive-thru/curbside pickup because we have busy lives. We                           ve sat at both, for over 25min. When the manager Nathan picked up the phone, he sounded upset because I was calling. He said he would look into my order, because he was currently busy, getting orders"	1
14034	"Gas station McDonald's, adjoining but separate from the station's Timewise convenience store. (Bathrooms in-between, which were clean and multi-stalled.) Staff appeared to all be wearing masks, which is appreciable given their position of making food for and interacting with such a confluence of travelers from far-flung corners as they must. Food quality was on the high-side of McDonald's very small margin of differentiation. Only hic-up is that the space is not built for intimate conversations, and since they don't yell at you over the ambient hustle and bustle, I had some difficulty hearing the teller taking our order, as well as (though at a near table) did not hear our order number called -- hence I took off a  for ""ambiance"" in my rating here."	5
14035	"This was actually the fastest McDonald's I've ever been in for the drive-thru. I ordered on the app, go to the pay window, waited about a minute and a half, got my drink then my food and I'm finally I was on my way. I wish other McDonald's were just as fast."	5
14036	"Good McDonald's usually connect to a Travelwise gas station but due to covid it's no longer connected. Additionally, there is no dining in. You can only get food through the drive-thru. My drive-thru order is always correct. I usually have a special order of no pickles and it's always correct."	4
14037	"This is the best McDonalds! I                           ll come here for breakfast/lunch and the staff is always super friendly and kind, the food is always hot, and they give you a cookie with your order when placed through the app! Don     "	5
14038	"This McDonalds stands out from the others. It has great management, friendly fast service, and the food always taste like it should. The restaurant is ALWAYS clean and its connected to a convenient store if you need to grab other things as well or need to get gas. Great location that puts you right back onto the highway if you are traveling and has clean restrooms for the kids!"	5
14039	"I was on my way to work in the morning, I waited almost 10 minutes just for service. The young petite lady with some what red,short, straight hair and wearing a hat, was rude, impatient and basically I was bothering her. But as I got to the window another sweet and friendly girl took my payment. But as I got my food from the first rude girl, she had this look on her face, like leave already. I am a morning person, I'm always nice to everyone even when I'm treated disrespectful."	2
14040	"10 minutes late opening, employees laughing while there is a line. Gate is closed inside, employee said to just wait. I                           m trying to run my own business, and these are notes I will take into not "	1
14041	"Got wrong order twice! Day 1, missing a Double Cheeseburger, went in to tell them and was ignored until they saw I wasn't leaving. Next day, ordered a Sausage McGriddle drive thru and got a Sausage and Egg McMuffin. How hard is it to get a simple order right!?! Seriously!"	1
14042	"if I could give 0 s I would just off this experience I had tonight. I                           m usually not your typical Karen but when you mess up the same order 3 times in the same night practically in the same hour i will be a Karen. So first off I came all the way from boerne because this is the closest Mc Donald                           s too us , so we get there order our food I ordered 2 10 piece nuggets med fry , large fry and a quarter ponder and happy meal we get our food and sadly we don                           t bother to check the bag we get all the way back to our house IN BOERNE & we only have our quarter ponder and happy meal and the fry with the quarter ponder meal . I call the McDonald                           s and tell them what went wrong the lady tells me ,   sbelief          "	1
14043	ordered a double quarter pounder and received a big mac. there was hardly any line for drive thru. Yet they can't get the order right!	1
14044	"I went through the drive-through at this Mc Donalds and had no issue with ordering. However, it did take unusually longer to go through the Drive Thru.

To that end, the food was hot and fresh. However, they did overstuff the bags with my order. As when I got one of the bags ripped and my food fell on the floor.

Lastly, if you go to this McDonalds be sure to double check if the bag is overfilled and ask for an additional bag if you need it. Besides that, everything else was fine."	4
14045	"I love coming to this Mcdonald                           s (LEON SPRINGS, TX ! Everyone is very welcoming ! The service here is great! No matt"	5
14046	"It's McDonald's, lol. Not much to say except at this location the fries are usually cold. We don't live that far to where they would get cold on the way home."	3
14047	"I always use the app here, but these guys are the best. I hardly ever wait and the food is al ways hot and made right."	5
14048	Good lord these people can't McDonald's                    	1
14049	When your in a hurry and want fast food- can                           t beat the Golden Arches. I                           m a quarter pounder with che	5
14050	"Consistent and great customer service for over a year now. Had to update my review as I order food here regularly. I know this isn't a fancy wine and dine but I never have a bad experience regardless if using the mobile app, or drive thru, or the occasional walk in I do. The manager and great team are to thank for this. Always polite, timely, and much more than you get at any other McDonald's."	5
14051	Management is so kind here at this one. They are very efficient at this busy busy location .	5
14052	"If I could leave 0 s I would! I have checked in on app and called the store just like they asked twice, and I                           ve been waiting 20 mins for 1 burger and a sprite! At 21 mins  they answer and say they are almost ready for it, and still waiting. I get workers are short and I also get waits, but at least hav"	1
14053	One of the slower McDonald                           s but attached to the gas station for convenienc	4
14054	they always forget the sauce when you ask for them.  check your bags before you leave the drive thru	3
14055	The line can be a little slow but they get everything right so it          	5
14056	Friendliest McDonalds staff I have ever met. Love the old school setup. Great pitstop during long drives.	5
14057	"I don't know what it is about this particular McDonald's. The line is always extremely long and takes forever to get through. It's been that way for years and the other day I went through for the 1st time in 4 years and had the exact same result since I lived in the neighborhood adjacent to this McDonald's. Nothing has changed in 4 years, that has to bad thing right?"	1
14058	Longtime customer. This afternoon I was pleased to see the dining room open again with limited hours.  I would like to point out that this particular crew and manager tonight provided most excellent service. And the manager was great at keeping employees motivated which I don't often see elsewhere. And the food was excellent. Fries were just right and the Mc Rib was great. Quite frankly this may have been my best McDonald's experience ever! Keep up the good work!	5
14059	"It's McDonald's not a Michelin  restaurant. Service wasn't the best, then again it was 11pm on a Saturday. Fries were lukewarm, McFlurry was watery, and the cashier needed an attitude adjustment. But if you're in need of a late night snack after a night out look no further!"	4
14060	Still waiting for a good McDonald                          	2
14061	"I've been to this McDonald's twice now and it's never been faster than 30 minutes. Even with a simple order like fries and a drink.
Ordered mobile and it took over 30 minutes for my order and I watched everyone standing in line to order get ignored for 20 minutes at a time. Which, after reading reviews seems like it is the norm to wait 30 minutes for a single mcgriddle.
After I waited over 30 minutes for my order, they forgot my drinks (which I waited at the counter for another 5 minutes before anyone even asked what I needed) and my order was wrong. But I wasn't about to sit another half hour for them to remake a different sandwich. Not a big deal.
Not the employees fault necessarily... just seems like they're EXTREMELY  understaffed!
Shame on upper management for allowing this to happen. I wouldn't want to work in that environment either."	1
14062	"Ordered curbside to go, sat in spot #3 for 20 min and never received my food. Had to take my sleeping child inside. Food was prepared but never brought to the car, by the time i got home it was all cold. Do not recommended this location."	1
14063	Long line but moved quickly what else can I say it's Mcdonalds!	5
14064	Good hash brown	5
14065	This McDonald's is always in the same place and it's as good as any McDonald's ever.	5
14066	"Mobile ordered food and waiting about 30 minutes before going in and asking. The young man who helped me was very nice but the other man who was working the counter was AWFUL. He called a mans order once and while said man was getting up to go to the counter the worker said                            Oh? Not here? This is trash then!                            And threw the order away. It had net even been 30 seconds since he called out the order. When the young man who was working on my order stepped away to grab something the man grabbed my bag and asked what it was and why it was sitting there and ted to throw it away. Luckily the one helping me stoped him and finished my order. While I understand they were busy but that is no way to act. This is by far the worst experience I                           ve ever had at this location. Thinking it .
But today- I will never order here again and will be in contacting corporate about their behavior. After 40 minutes of waiting I go inside and ask for my food and a refund. They argued with me that I hadn                           t ordered when you can see of the app the exact time my order was placed. My food was sitting on the counter to be taken out. Instead of giving me my food the girl                           "	1
14067	"This is honestly my favorite McDonald's, my food is always fresh, the staff is always nice and I even get lucky and find a free cookie in the bag from time to time!"	5
14068	Store stays pretty clean and food is made fresh.	4
14069	"Dining room is still closed, and as a result, the drive through line is routinely 15-20 customers deep.  Runs more efficiently than in the past.  Customer service at this location has improved noticeably in recent months.  Courteous and friendly at every visit.  Order accuracy has also made a trend for the better."	3
14070	"Long wait at drive thru despite one car in front of me. 15 minutes to get a fish sandwich and drink. Sandwich was disgusting and wound up throwing it
Out. Staff seemed confused as my order sat on the counter with workers waking past it many times before they finally gave it to me."	1
14071	"Generally fast service, accurate orders.   This particular McDonald's is attached with a gas station and is often pretty busy but the line does tend to move quickly.   I do often check my order to ensure I receive my order accurately - for example I get the ketchup or dipping sauce I asked/ordered with my meal -and generally the orders are accurate.  The lines may take a bit more time but again this particular location is at a busy intersection and the next close McDonald's is going to be in Boerne."	5
14072	McDonald's is good comfort food when you need a bite. Still wish they could improve on customer service and adding ketchup to the fries. Disappointing only because it's a multi billion dollar corporation that can't get the simple things right.	2
14073	"They have ted to give a full slice of cheese when you order one on Filet-O-Fish sandwiches, and that was a real problem before in which they used to give half of a slice extra. This is a fast location and food is consistently fresh, so now this location has the highest rating I've given a fast food chain yet to date. Kind of never thought I'd give McDs a 4 , but I did."	4
14074	"Food was good ... price point for fast food is too high. For two people $23 +. For quality and size of fast food meal, I should have gone to cracker barrel."	4
14075	"I just want to applaud the team that worked this (closing) shift, everyone                           s working really hard and I loved how kind the cashier was. It was my first time dining in and would re"	5
14076	This location traditionally has fresher tasting food than other locations however they forget sauce for the nuggets pretty frequently.	4
14077	"Drive through is okay maybe online order inside, but to order at the counter is like visiting a prisoner through glass during visiting hours. So uncomfortable. I just can't support McDonalds at this time, not in-til they get over their very twisted views on the current situation. Maybe you agree with their myopic and archaic views, can you hear me all the way back on 1899; but for me and my family we want to go somewhere that's alive, inviting atmosphere, and fun, not a funeral - RIP McDs customer service you shall be missed 2019-2022"	3
14078	"There                           s no one in line when I go, and they can                           t even put jelly in my bag as requested. So many regulations to using the mobile app code that it            "	1
14079	If I could put no ts I would. First off the girl working the drive through got our order wrong. So then when we pulled up to the second window the boy was giving us a ton of attitude. We get our food and the fries are burnt and old and there                           s no salt on them so they taste old and bland                           	1
14080	"Working for doordash in that area, and everytime I go to pick up a order.  I wait over 30 minutes atleast.  People are just standing around and doing nothing.  I even asked who the manager is, and the lady pointed to the guy sitting down eating.  This hasn't just happened once, it has happened every time!  I don't like to accept orders from McDonald because of this, but I have to make money.  This place needs to get their stuff in gear.  It's a busy place and not really any competition."	1
14081	"Cannot comprehend why @McDonald's has employees posted in the drive thru lanes taking orders well out of view of the menus. This just frustrates and delays customers for no reason.

If you are trying to be like Chick-fil-A, you're facilities were not built to serve that operating model nor are your employees trained to work that way efficiently.

McDonald's used to be a place to dash into for a fast meal but it's faster to go and dine inside most any other restaurant at this point.

Food was up to standard and only reason I gave    "	2
14082	"Honestly it                           s okay but for some reason we always have bad luck and get brown and/or old fries. Also they always close earlier than what google or their store says they                           re open till.
Most of their employees are nice. Some are just blah. But they                   "	3
14083	This is the slowest McDonald's I've ever experienced.  The staff is difficult to deal with and 5 out of 5 times our order is wrong. Great location and clean facilities though.	2
14084	Worst McDonald                           s I                           ve ever been too. The disrespectful teenager that brought my food to my car was slow and never spoke a word 	1
14085	Hot fries                                 	5
14086	Drive to the next McDonald                           s. This place is robbing people. French fries are ALWAYS old and cold. There will be something missing or wrong with your order 95% of the time. They served me old expired pies. I                           m convinced there is no management and the owners do not keep track of what                           s going on in their own restaurant. Once they have messed up your order there   	1
14087	"There is no way to rate your establishment, very  disheartening due to we were on the road and needed to sit and rest before getting back on, also need to use the restroom. Food was great, but can't really give proper rating cause of this. I enjoy McDonald's, but I getting a bit feed up with the dining closure everywhere. Please do not reply due to pandemic, and safety, due to other establishment being open. I travel a lot on the road and soon will be passing up every McDonald's due to this. I stop because of the Kids. Disheartening once again."	1
14088	Awesome food awesome recipe awesome workers great head manager great cleaning services great breakfast great pancakes we love Mcdonalds awesome place!	5
14089	"Lobby still closed even though Whataburger and everyone else has opened up.  So, you get to spend 20 to 30 minutes waiting in the drive through line to place an order that half the time they screw up.  Happened again today.  A simple #1 meal with a coke.  Got only the Big Mac and nothing else.  Pointed it out to the lady and handed her the bag back.  She disappeared for few minutes and when she returned with my order, shoved it at me and rudely turned away like it was all my fault.  This is probably the worst run McDonald's in the area.   Don't recommend it at all."	1
14090	"Don't ever try ordering online for pickup here. If you do you had better bring the device you ordered on. They don't care If that's a phone, tablet or desktop computer they expect it to be here before they will ""release"" the food to you. My wife ordered pur food so that she didn't have to relay everyone's orders over the phone to me. Got to the restaurant and they literally wanted me to drive home and get my wife's phone for ""security' reasons. They also took no responsibility saying it's our falt for not being normal and brining the device like everone else and wouldn't offer any solutions. We ended up canceling the order and going to Chick-fil-A who by the way my wife ordered online and they let me pick up without needing the device. I called corporate and they said in this situation the staff at this location should have just asked for the order number and brought me the order."	1
14091	"I have to do this cause I'm upset with McDonald's as a former employee but also a business partner (if you can call Doordash a business partner)

They don't pay enough, so the employee turnover rate is high or they just don't show up, they have seemingly no limits on how many delivery and mobile orders people can place so they get backlogged, swamped, and can't keep up.

I parked, called, told them I had an order and they said to get in the drive thru. By the time I got to the window; they hadn't even ted the order. It took 20 minutes in total. I lost money waiting on McDonald's.

Seriously, reformat your business structure. It was embarrassing working here and apologizing for the ineptitude of this company.

Be nice to the employees, it's not their fault. I'm not even sure it's the manager's fault, but they have to tell their higher ups about this."	2
14092	Clean and fast. Good food good service	5
14093	"Horrible experience. First, the person taking order sounded rushed. I barely mention my first item and you just constantly get                            What else!... what else!... what else!                            before I                           m even done talking. Second. I asked for my fries to be WELL DONE. I got nasty undercooked fries. Either that or they were old fries. I get to the window and present a coupon for a discount. The guy                            looks                            for the numbers instead of just scanning the QR Code, pops his head back out the window and tell me the same total. What happened with the coupon?! Did it not take. Hi"	1
14094	"Good food. Pretty fast considering lunch rush. I would give 5 had the manager not been to rude to myself, other customers and employees, not to mention his inability to pay attention to orders. Perhaps he forgot that drinks are not in the lobby with the current health risks even though he had no problem shoving the lids and straws at me."	4
14095	It was ok but they didn't bag my happy meals and my nuggets and and no drink holder 3 drinks and a shke so it all feel out in the car and the shake stained my seats but ##it happens right	2
14096	"Very poor service! While on a long road trip we stopped in to get gas and coffee. Upon entering the McDonald's the floors were extremely dirty, but we came after lunch so maybe they had a busy lunch rush. Then when I stepped up to the counter to order, the menu screens were stuck on frozen 2 advertisements. Then I order 2 Caramel Mocha  Coffees. After about 3min of waiting the kid behind the counter tells me the machine broke he needs to get the manager. Come to find out the machine is on auto-clean and it will be 18min before our coffee is ready. Not wanting to wait around they tell me they can give me two regular coffees. When I tell them that regular coffee is 1$ a cup and I was charged 7.58$ for two specialty coffees they offer to make up the difference in food. That's nice and all, but we did not want nor need any food. I ask for just a refund at that point. Mind you this whole ordeal takes almost the 18min for the machine to finish cleaning but by now I just wanted to get out of there. The staff were all very young and seemed very poorly trained. While they were nice and tried to make it right, I think better training of the employees at this location is necessary. While waiting for my refund I watched multiple other customers receive the wrong order or had issues with their food. I dont often go to McDonald's but continued visits with poor service has definitely left a bad impression!"	2
14097	How does the drive thru line not move in nearly 5 min? Not saying it                           s only employee error. Som	3
14098	"I had revise my earlier review, left underneath this new one.

Just had the most bizarre experience. The lady who took my money at the first window seemed to have a problem with me wanting my change back. She FOLLOWED me to the other window, and ted harassing me BETWEEN the barriers meant to stop the spread of Covid 19. Multiple times she stuck her face between the windows to berate me. She asked me what else I was waiting for after I got my drink. As I had just given her my money, she shouldn't be handling my food at all, much less trying to talk to me and knew I had a burger. She then closed the window, and ted throwing a coniption that I couldn't hear. The then reopened the windows, stuck her face between the barriers and told me she knew what I had ordered. I told her I didn't understand, and she shoved her face further out and repeated she knew what my order was again, closer and more loudly. I don't get it, I've been here many times and gotten my food without any problems. This young lady not only made the food leave a bad taste in my mouth, but she is exposing people to the potential life threatening virus for no reason. Very very poor attitude and dangerous actions because I wanted my change?

Great, they have really turned things around in the last couple years. The service used to be slow and highly inconsistent. These days, despite all the challenges the restaurant industry has faced they overcame whatever had been stopping them from providing the McDonald's Standard, fast food with correct orders. Not sure if they got new management, training, or equipment, but these guys have brought back the Gold (Arch) Standard. Great job team!"	1
14099	"Ordered a filet of fish w/extra tartar.  Got a filet of fish with regular tartar sauce, no cheese slice, but with a slice of tomato.  There isn't suppose to be tomatoes on a filet of fish.  Another visit ordered large fries and 2oft drinks.  Waited over 30 minutes.  I mean how hard could that be ???"	3
14100	"The ice machine was out of ice, had to wait several minutes for my breakfast due to all the online orders waiting in front of me, service was really slow. They obviously have a labor issue at this McDonald's, not enough people working at this location."	2
14101	"I previously had great service with the last McDonald                           s leadership team.  They were prompt and efficient.  This current team lacks the standards of the previous one.  Car lines were backup and missing items ordered in the bag, over 20 minutes for a hot apple pie, unacceptable. I thoug"	1
14102	"I am currently sitting in the drive-thru at this McDonalds and although it                           s taking forever, Ince you get to the first window, the customer service is awesome!!!! They have a lot of new faces, but the same friendly service. I met Chris, manager, for the first time and he is awesome! Issac brought my food out, because I had to wait in a reserve spot, and he was so ni"	5
14103	"Normally I would rate this with a 5 , but lately this location has been having a lot of staff coordination. I just left today and I asked for pancakes with sausages and added bacon to it, but they forgot to add the sausage which by the way normally comes with the order. So I get to work to the surprise that I paid extra for something missing in my order! The place and the food's fine, but the coordination with the employees and the supervisors needs to improve a lot."	2
14104	"Very friendly and try to show respect. Frys are always hot and salted. The one problem we face over and over is corrrct and extra sauces for nuggets. When we ask for sweet 'n' sour, we end up with bbq. If we ask for extra sauce; I can only think of one time it was given. All in all the crew members there try to do a good respectful job."	3
14105	Online says they open at  6 am but staff showing up late and didn        	1
14106	"Been understaffed for over a month. You expect McDonald's to be there for your midnight cravings. I remember a group of people were told that McDonald's was not taking their order due to being understaffed, yet there were 3 people in the back. It only takes 2 people to run things back there. What do you do during the day when you're understaffed? Lose out on the incoming money? If 2 people cant function in the back then you shouldn't be working there to begin with. Simple as that!"	1
14107	"Hands down, best experience at a McDonald                           s . We just left and the morning crew was amazing. This was my first time here and I was not expecting anything amazing just basics. This location exceeded all my expectations. The service was quick, staff was friendly, food was hot, coffee was fresh. I              "	5
14108	"Horrible experience. There was a long line for the drive thru, so I pulled out of line thinking that a curbside order would be faster. After 15 minutes I keep seeing employees come in and out but not bringing food to the curbside orders and the line for the drive thru kept moving.  Even the car that pulled next to me gestured for me what is going on. I called the number on the sign and no one answered. I hung up and called again because at this point I was upset and couldn                           t cancel my order through the app. Finally someone answered and I told I had been waiting 20 minutes at this point for my food to come out and I was to cancel my order. She said that I had to do it on the app. I told her no I already tried and I need the manager to refund me my money. She said she was the manager and I had to cancel on the app. I asked her how do you do it because I didn                         nl be out soon with my refund. An employee comes out to deliver the car next to me their order. I then had to shout over to him where my refund is and he said they were still working on it.  Horrible customer service. Now I                   "	1
14109	It always takes forever to get somebody to help you...	1
14110	"Pure trash. Worst experience on multiple occasions. Card swiped and charged twice. Took and act of Congress to get it reversed. Paid at the first window, drove to the second window, and employee says, ""You didn't pay for your food!"" Show the receipt and no apology or remorse, just ""oh?!"" Hands food to me. Last episode, shortchanged $20 of a $100 Bill. GM says next, we checked everything except what was actually take from the register and denies error in the transaction, but say I'll give you a free meal and dessert?! I can't wait to see that location shut down for good. Shame on the franchise owner and the corporation for the service at that location. Filing a police report and BBB complaint."	1
14111	Carmel Frappe should have it own line	4
14112	The service is incredibly slow and the staff clearly couldn't care less about customer service. Cashier smelt like a fresh ash tray. Make sure you check your bag before driving off. I know it's fast-food but they could have some standards	1
14113	Consistently inconsistent! 11/7 pre ordered thru the app . No one in line in the drive thru took 20 mins to get my order ! While I watched car after car after car go thru the line . I finally called in and and asked the status  AFTER 20 Mins ...was advised the manager was getting it now . Wait what ???? It was beyond COLD ! $50 of McDonald                           s down the drain . And I ha	2
14114	It's a McDonald's. They at least have some trailer parking.	5
14115	"I was so upset as we got the wrong order for my granddaughter..well I called and spoke to a manager Audicle... unbelievable amazing customer service...she understood my frustrations, she went above and beyond to make sure the meal was correct & hot.. I will undoubtedly be a return customer there regardless of the line ...with managers like that the store must run well with happy employees as well... Great job !!!"	5
14116	Do y'all close the dining room at 10pm or 9:52pm?	2
14117	"Love McDonald's fries..... but inside lobby is closed                                      
Update 8/3022: they are super busy and und"	5
14118	Worst McDonald's ever. Sorry I usually love all McDonald's.	1
14119	Dining room is closed and the drive thru line is always long. Ordering on the app for curbside took over 30 minutes to get our food brought out to us. I would recommend waiting out the drive thru if you must have McDonalds	1
14120	"There were only 3 people ahead of us in the order line.  It took 15 minutes before we could order.  It took another 15 minutes for our food to come.  We were missing parts of our order and everything we ordered was cold.  McDonald's corporate needs to visit this location and review service, cleanliness and food product.5"	1
14121	"This location was closed to dine in service so we did not end up eating here. Though I've got to say that it's surprising to see a large fast food chain closing stores where they might lose business. It's almost like they value their employees. Well done, mcdonalds."	5
14122	Waiting a while for service and food. Low staff. Next to a convenience/ gas station. Big Mac had a small speck of dressing. Bread was dry.	3
14123	"Ordered their all day breakfast around 9pm after work and had 2 hash browns and a sausage biscuit. The biscuit was so hard that I could not bite through it and I even made a hole in the top when I was just trying to bend it to see if it would move and obviously it was very old. I was inside so I took it back and asked for a new one and                                                        I                                                        even apologized for causing them trouble. I waited about 10 minutes and when they brought what was supposed to be a new one out to me, it was the same one!! It was smashed so they had probably tried to see if I was lying about the texture and smashed it when they saw how hard it was. They had reheated it and gave it back to me with the hole on the top biscion to not do so. Imagine what they are giving you :)"	1
14124	"It's McDonald's. I never expect anything to much.
But I do expect the servers to be nice to customers and each other. But sadly that is not true at this location. My server showed no interest or seemed not to care that he has to work.
Sadly this is not the first time I experienced this type of service from this location.

If you want a quick lunch, snack, or dinner. It is worth the drive to go to the Rim location. At least the servers say ""hi"" and are friendly."	1
14125	"I always get mobile curbside pick up and usually they take less than 10 minutes for the order, even if there's a long line in the drive thru."	4
14126	"Check your order! We live nearby and so it's very convenient. Unfortunately, we can't rely on them getting the order correct, and it's not worth the hassle of going back in and waiting for the thing they forgot. Once we got a Happy Meal with no nuggets, next time it was a combo with no fries, and then a combo with no burger. We're done. Not worth the hassle. This isn't a McDonald's issue- it's just this location!"	1
14127	"This location refuses to serve truck drivers.
Tried to walk through the drive thru, but was told that they couldn't serve me if I wasn't in a car.
Sounds like discrimination against oversized vehicles to me.
If they can get sued for burning someone with hot coffee, you better believe ill have a suit filed before Monday."	1
14128	"The McDonald's at Fair Oaks has got to be the slowest location with the rudest people. Seriously, there are two other locations in either direction ( at the Rim and in Boerne) so go to one of those unless you love to wait forever for sub-par, lukewarm food and/or be slapped around with someone's bad attitude."	1
14129	"They had a pretty long line for the drive-through when I was there, but they got through everyone pretty quickly."	4
14130	"Tried their new Crispy Chicken sandwich. Came wirh pickles only, no mayo or any other condiments. And the guy on the intercom couldn't talk articultely; i.e. as if he was on drugs or half asleep."	1
14131	"Stopped off at 8pm on Tue. 06-08-21.  Went thru the drive thru, all smooth no issues quick fast food, nice and hot. That You for taking time to read this review, follow my reviews on Google and Please give me a thumbs up."	5
14132	"Night shift was slacking one night I went by, but the manager quickly resolved by getting more employees on the shift and the results were great! Speedy service and good taste as usual.  This is my favorite McDonald's to go to"	5
14133	"Slowest McDonald's around, But the games and modern layout make it easy to pass the time. Particularly like the touch screen head to head games... Play them with my daughter and we have a blast.  Food delivered to the table for those eating in the restaurant. Bathrooms are clean and there is easy access on and off the 35 for those traveling through and needing to grab a quick bite to eat."	4
14134	Went through the drive-through and at 10:59am was told only serving breakfast and that I'd have to circle back around to the back of the line since lunch doesn't t until 11:00am.	1
14135	"We had the hottest quarter pounder we have ever had! This Mcdinalds Ricks.
The drive thru was fast and we even got enough napkins!!!
Great job...keep it up.
Ill go to this Mcdonalds any day!!!!!"	5
14136	Clean spot personally everyone is clean the food is clean and fresh the quarter pounder is always fresh. Had a deluxe crispy chicken with mayo and bacon	5
14137	Always some kind of liquid on the floor. Always here employees yelling at each other. Place is dirty and they don't seem to clean it.	3
14138	"Food tastes gross been eating healthy too long figured I would try them out it has been probably 10 years since I had McDonald's chicken products. It was either old or they figured out how to Nuke girl Chicken in about 30 seconds either way slightly concerning LOL.

this is only a review of the food quality the service at this location seem great and if we could rate businesses categorically then they would have received five s for customer service and speed"	1
14139	"Update  If I could give this location zero s I would. I have given them multiple chances and every time it just gets worse.  Do not mobile order and expect it to be timely nor correct. Do not expect any friendly customer service here from anyone including the ""managers"". They all need a lesson in management and customer service."	1
14140	Drive thru not hardly. You might as well go in and wait. Placed our order at 1:07 finally came at 1:20. There were 3 cars ahead of us still waiting for their orders. When you are in a hurry pass this one by. At least they are consistent with their slowness. The food wasn't even hot. Tired of giving them chances.	2
14141	Best pancakes ever and the service was nice and quick	5
14142	Super great fries.  Hot and fresh.  Scarfed those babies up in no time.	5
14143	"Ordered food at 8:20, got there at 8:30, put my parking number into the app, made sure it was the right location, waited 30 minutes. No food, went in mad because I                           ve been waiting, they tell me that my order was never in the system, I showed them the app showing that it was this location and that the order was placed, I placed an online order yesterday and with th"	1
14144	"I used the app to order. They don't make your food until you're actually there, could've just used the drive thru. The food took over 10 mins, yes 10. Then they almost forgot an item. This McDonald's is consistently slow and almost always miss an item in the order but it's the closest one to where I live -unfortunately."	2
14145	The continents glide across the earth faster than the line moves here. Food was good at least	2
14146	"Manager was very rude and unprofessional, staff was disrupted by her disrespect for customers. She was in too much of a rush to speed cars along that i was unable to purchase more food. Bad business practice in my opinion. DT 11:30 am, Thursday June25."	1
14147	"Always reliable and consistent flavors.
Great location. Great service.
Options for everyone.
Not open yet, but curb side pick up and drive through available."	5
14148	"You all need to step up the game. My order is almost always wrong, especially the kids meals for some reason...just like today...I asked for apples and of course didn't get them. Shocker.
Girl at the 1st window in a camo jacket was rude and generally unhappy sounding.
Terrible!!
Update:we ALSO got a toy in the happy meal with a coupon for a ticket to six flags that expired in 2017!"	1
14149	"I went through the drive-thru; service was fast and efficient,  just as I expected it to be. The staff was courteous and even provided me with extra napkins when I asked for them. The food was hot and good. What more could one want?"	5
14150	"I'm normally not a McDonald's customer,but, today I tried their crispy chicken sandwich and it was very good. Fast, friendly service as well( one of McDonald's trademarks)"	5
14151	This is the 3rd time in a month that we have ordered food from this store and have not received even close to what we have ordered. Would avoid this location at all cost from here on out. Continually going down hill and poor and slow service.	1
14152	"Friday night 10:45 pm. Dining room still closed. There are about 6-7 cars in line behind the person who just ordered when an employee comes out and tells us SORRY, WE STOPPED TAKING ORDERS BECAUSE WE CLOSE AT 11...."	1
14153	"Little slow getting order out but it was nice, hot and fresh!"	4
14154	"Just trash service.... just waited 40 minutes in a drive thru (after paying) just walk in and grab my own food and barely get a im sorry... they tried to bring me the wrong order took my receipt and NEVER came back, I walked in to get my own food.  Absolute worst experience ordering food in a drive thru... NEVER AGAIN"	1
14155	Why would you ask me when im ordering if i want any condiment if ur just going to forget them. Fries are raw and my sandwich patty was hard but yet they still some how managed to smush the sandwich in half. Atlest they wore able to get the drink right.	1
14156	McDonald's is always a treat. If in a big hurry I get a double cheeseburger with a large Dr. Pepper.  Or on hot South Texas days a vanilla ice cream cone hits the spot. Yum!!!	5
14157	"My daughter and I love the quality of service that we receive here, and the great tasting food. My family and I are truly thankful."	5
14158	This McDonalds is a hot mess.   I live near it and regret coming here every time I do.    Always out of something or a machine is down.     Tonight I sat in the drive through for 15+ min just sitting here watch the drive thru guy freak out over his computer not working...only to be told a machine is out.   Get it together!	1
14159	"Not only does this location routinely forget items we paid for, tonight they served us a RAW burger (and also forgot food!) and I                          "	1
14160	Just had the worst meal. Fries were limp and very cold. Chicken nuggets tasted like cardboard; my kids wouldn't even eat them. The lettuce on my chicken sandwich was unrecognizable and brown. Utterly disgusted doesn't even cover it.	1
14161	"Not to be mean but I                           d say this is Probably up there with one of the top 5 worst McDonald                           s I                           ve gone to and I find that funny because it                           s a McDonald                           s, my standards really are not that high. I                   "	1
14162	"I like the food here but I can not stand that manager Franklin. I've gotten a degree in psychology and he displays so many abusive traits. He was so badgering to a few of his workers. Also a male and female worker were hugging and being unprofessional. I could only read the female's name tag and it was Stacy. Please be careful with who you promote as manager. I won't come back, unless I hear about a change in management."	1
14163	The staff was slow getting orders out that were taken in the lobby and they got at least 3 people's orders wrong while I was there waiting for my #2 breakfast combo for literally 15 minutes	1
14164	Fries were cold and I ordered a Large size ($2.80+tax) that was only filled half way. I asked them if they could please fill them up and she literally put just a few more on top and when I stood it up it was just a little over half way now. They wouldn't even pass the edge of the front part. When I showed it to her she got annoyed and closed the window. Very rude employees	1
14165	I get about half a box of fries every time i go. Its really frustrating how stingy they can be with french fries. I order a large and get less than a small. Also I'm very upset with the price changes of already overpriced trash.	1
14166	"Just left,  was hu gry , got home and my quarter pounder is raw !!! The nuggets were old and cold , really?? Had to.just throw out and make a sandwich.  My 6 year old wasn't happy , she wants all week for her nuggets.  She gets a 6 piece and shares the 20bpiece with me."	1
14167	"I no longer will be going to this McDonalds on my commute from San Antonio to Kerrville once or twice a week . I was there today , and this is not the first time its happened, I ordered one thing and receive something not even close to what I ordered. I'm always in a hurry so I forget to check the bag. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich combo and when I finally was able to open the bag and opened the container I had a bacon cheeseburger with onions on it, not happy. Also the tea is never the same its always way too sweet are not sweet at all .  I did call the manager this time because I was fed up, he acted like he didn't even care. I would not recommend this McDonalds."	2
14168	Just too much in a little bitty area need bigger lines and some type of space I get in side a convince store but it's still alright	4
14169	My kid's happy meal didn't get a drink nor toy.	4
14170	"It doesn't seem to matter what time of the day you go here, it is always going to be a 15-20 minute wait to get your food and that is after you have ordered. It's another 5-10 minutes to wait to order. It seems that they focus solely on the drive-thru versus the counter."	1
14171	Love how friendly and quick they are.	5
14172	"Was not very impressed with this location service was awful 2 people in line ahead of me wife used restroom took my place in line I used the restroom came back waited close to ten more minutes for our order to be taken mind you only three customers we ordered two 20 piece nuggets fry                           s and drinks CHECK YOUR ORDERS HERE!!!!!!! We got a fish sandwich,fry and a big mc ours was not only order messed up they had perfect scores 3for3 wrong then when we dig get the nuggets they were still frozen inside and had to take them back staff just want to draw a paycheck but not do anything and have how dare you attitude when you bring things to their attention never did get my food finally had enough and walked out

I will make this "	1
14173	Working in the field with vehicles that fit the drive thru the manger was kind enough to help me out. not to many restaurants in the area plz be in charge real cant get away from the job site. Thank you sir. really apriciate it. Was ving.	5
14174	"When I was there a manager named Franklin was very unhelpful and rude and I wish I could just give him 0 s!! He was even humiliating his workers. As a person of virtue, I can not allow this to go unnoticed. All other services was ok but it was just the manager who was the problem at this establishment."	1
14175	"Stop! Abort! Do not drive thru! No lie...we got there and there was a line. One car at the speaker another car and then us. Many cars came after us. 25 minutes we got to the speaker. We were trapped in line. By that time one of us went inside, placed our order and came back just after we reached the speaker. We were seriously going to go over the curb, thru the lava rocks and leave when the 3 cars behind us ted backing out. Not even exaggerating. There were 7 cars behind us 5 in front of us. Never has a McDonalds been this slow."	1
14176	"I have been here a handful of times as I live in the area, every single time the food is old and cold. Drive to the RIM if you have time. I keep trying again bc the location is convenient but never again...
I will say the servers are very nice but what you             "	1
14177	I ordered a double quarter pounder with cheese meal the fries were good but I took one bit out of the burger only to discover the patties were not fully cooked	1
14178	The McRib sandwich was great and what a deal 2 for $6.  Of course a Mc Donalds stop is not complete without fries.  Got a small order watching my carb intake but should have gotten a medium or large.  Love the fries!	4
14179	"This is a very busy McDonald's attached to a gas station at a very busy intersection. The guy at the register had a very strong accent and was difficult to understand at times....nice, but hard to understand. We were fortunate to sit next to the same guy we just saw panhandling at the intersection."	4
14180	Slowest service ever. Didn't realize fast food took 45 minutes. If we weren't stuck in a line we should have exited a long time ago.	1
14181	"Ordered 3 double cheese burger fries combos all were cold,the cheese wasnt even melted Fries were burned and i ordered a 10piece nugget asked for sauce at drive thru and at window when i get home nothing.plus plus i ordered 2 fish Sandwiches also asked no tarter sauce
Cause i cant stand it,they added it on both sandwiches
Usually yall dont fail me but IDK what happen this time."	1
14182	"Super slow. Trouble getting our order right even after repeating it back twice. Order was right, food that came out wasn't.

Once again with McDonald's, if you must eat here the breakfast burritos are your best bet. And Diet Coke. McDonald's does Diet Coke right."	2
14183	Yep...a gas station Mc Donald's. Lobby is currently closed (9/19/2020). Good place to stop and empty the family and fill the car on your way west of San Antonio.	5
14184	"Rejoice in the Lord always: and again I say, Rejoice.
5                  Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.
6                  Be careful for nothing; "	5
14185	"Good like any other McDonalds in the world, but this location like Chic-fil- a here in Abilene  need to do something with the traffic jams they cause!! Franchise owner need to stop by and use the drive thru and feel the Pain!!"	2
14186	Food not always fresh. Found a hair in my cheseburger and hardly ever any fresh sweet tea and staff not real friendly. Just this location Ive been to other McDonald's and no problems.	2
14187	"My favorite thing that I have been getting from McDonalds is the chicken biscuit meal and I add folded egg and cheese that comes with a hashbrowns and a drink which is always half sweet and half unsweet. And it is the best I highly recommend it if you want a hearty meal with meat and ""breakfast"" food. So I highly recommend it."	5
14188	"This is the worst establishment I've ever been in. Everyone is scrambling around like they are doing something yet nothing is getting done. Stood at the counter for about 8 minutes and no one took my order, or even acknowledged me for that matter..... HORRIBLE!!!!!"	1
14189	"They redesigned the inside and it's Extremely Loud and noisy because the children's area is wide open to the area where adults would be sitting and you can't even hear the TV's it's so loud from the kids I will not be eating inside of this McDonald's ever again! Also, felt PUSHED, to use a Kiosk instead of the 2 girls at the COUNTER, why have ANYBODY UP FRONT IF US AARP PPL can't use their services? Never again!!!"	1
14190	Fries not fresh and sandwich was weirdly falling apart. Consistently not a great experience at this drive thru.	2
14191	Drive thru employee was rude yelled at me because i didnt know about rewards app	1
14192	Average Mcdonald location. Long drive thru line and they were not up to date with the specials. Received food that tasted kind of old and no customer service	3
14193	"Fresh, hot breakfast and friendly service. Great visit."	5
14194	No option for pickup no entering the dining room to order. Think about people who are pulling trailers. There is no way to eat here	1
14195	This McDonalds is pretty solid they are usually quick and there is never a super long line but occasionally they will leave out the sauces for nuggets and it                       	4
14196	Basic McDonald's but clean and staff has always been friendly.	3
14197	Food is fresh and the service is always in a timely manner. I work in the oilfield so most of the time I have to get food on the go. McDonald's in Pecos will always have my business.	5
14198	"2 instead of 1 only because it could always be worse... fries, just warm. Double quarter pounder with cheese, just warm tending towards cold and the meat looked really dark, like I would expect a black bean burger to look like - disgusting. The mayonnaise tasted slighty weird too; I thought it might be miracle whip for a second. Shares a fairly nasty restroom in the hallway between McDonald's and Exxon. Over $8 for this junk is terrible."	2
14199	"Just like the rim location, this place has closed early without any posted signs.  This is becoming almost an everyday thing and the 24hrs is not being followed.  Try whataburger or taco cabana across the highway instead.  Very disappointing to see this over and over again."	1
14200	"Ridiculous service, never been so disappointed over food. I asked for a kids meal 4 PC nuggets and I get a box of mayonnaise. I don't know what kind of people they hire, or what their standards are to work at a fast food place but this is not acceptable."	1
14201	Its the only McDonald in our neighborhood so there will be a longer wait than other mcdonlds you'll go to.  They hold a lot of school events which make parking very difficult to find.  Other than that the people are really helpful and friendly.	3
14202	Ordering and recieving was fast and to the point. Doesn't always play out that way but this time at this location it went perfect. No long wait and order was correct. Thanks	5
14203	"Worst McDonalds!  I've been here before and they have always been slow. Tonight was horrible. Only 5 cars ahead of us in the drive thru didn't seem too bad. Wrong! 35 minutes later we finally got our order and of course, it was wrong. Will not be back!!!"	1
14204	Almost bit into this bug! Come on McDonald's really!	1
14205	When you go to McDonald's you are expecting fast and consistent food. Not the case here. My order came out 16 minutes after I ordered and the sandwich was on the wrong bread.	2
14206	This location is ALWAYS slow. My order is constantly wrong. The line takes FOREVER. Avoid and go some place else.	1
14207	"They are always closed ...and no sweet tea after 10pm....and they always say due to maintenance issues....if your having problems just close up.
I won't be back."	1
14208	"The line was very long yet took maybe 5 minutes to get through.  Food was fresh, hot & made to order."	5
14209	"Fast service, but inefficient.  Forgot my boy's chocolate milk with his 6 piece happy meal."	3
14210	Friendly and clean!  And you have to try the new quarter pounder if you havent already!  I used to always get the chicken sandwich because i didnt care for the burgers until i saw the new quarter pounder sign!	5
14211	"I went to McDonald's for only a drink, 3/30/16 @ 9:40 pm and the young guy at the drive thru was a TOTAL JERK. I wasn't even being mean or anything just wanted a drink. In a one minute conversation he was so rude!! I told him what an a** hole he was being and drove away. Another reason why I don't go to McDonald's at I10&Leon Spring!!!"	1
14212	"I went there to dine in and use their free hotspot to look for jobs.The dine in is closed. I went thru their drive thru...the understood my order, gave it to me promptly and wore goles and facemakes during whole process."	5
14213	"Bad service i know we go in to this pandemic and it is rug times,we need to be aware that there is people traveling and one stop for food be more polite to costumers dont make us fill bad for our food we are working and try to help busyness dont be rude to us"	1
14214	Pretty fast for a breakfast rush	3
14215	"This is, hands down, the slowest McDonald's I have ever been to.  I'm not talking one or two times they e been slow -- every single time I come here.  Glaciers move faster than this service."	2
14216	This is one of the fastest McDonald's in the area despite having only 1 drive through lane. Highly recommend	5
14217	Just picked up my order of a basket of fries                                  	1
14218	"Ate chicken nuggets which were surprisingly good. I""m picky about my nuggets. Fries sucked. Soggy and no salt on them. Threw them away. Honey mud sauce was good."	3
14219	"What can I say, it's McDonald's. Food was as expected, however everything cost a bit more then I'm used to from McDonald's."	3
14220	"Order correct, coupon worked, courtesy and thoughtfulness! Convenient to my grandkids house. Yes! Did NOT eat in the car!"	5
14221	girl at cash register taking orders did not know how to do anything let alone help customers.. she said next  so I walk up to the register told her what i wanted and she walk off then helped a person that walk up to counter then walk back to the register and said next customer when I was standing right in front of her and never said sorry for at what can I get you.... somebody needs to train better	1
14222	"*** Second Amendment Haters here***

If you value your freedom and right to protect yourself, so elsewhere.  They have sign posted restricting guns

Slow service too."	1
14223	Great place great service great restaurant great food great cleaning services great employees great managers keep up the good work team	5
14224	"Ordered in a timely manner. Got all orders right.
Food was delicious."	5
14225	"The manager, a young lady, was really nice and fast. The food was freshly made."	5
14226	Yes I had been drinking and rolled up in an uber at 4 am. I'm a bartender and eat thing like Whataburger a lot.  It was the freshest fast food I have had in years	5
14227	Everything we ordered was fresh service was good and atmosphere was comfortable.	4
14228	Horrible drive thru service. 27 minutes and counting	1
14229	One hour in drive thru at night ridiculous they said they don't do curb side after 10pm ridiculous then don't make us wait an hour for an order of fries	1
14230	Keep getting screwed on my fries TWICE in a row they were half full and not that fresh.  The nuggets are nuggets.	3
14231	Menu did not have all the sandwiches it displayed.. in addition  the menu need to remain static so that people  can clearly  make a informed choice	3
14232	Usually pretty good occasionally they get backed up but all in all a solid location	4
14233	"$3 for a basket of fried that were dry, over cooked, and no salt.  What a waste.  Drive thru and on highway so cannot refund/exchange."	1
14234	Fake food never gets five s. I'm always ashamed I took my kids to eat here. Great service not great food	1
14235	"Fast, friendly, efficient."	5
14236	    Would you eat at my house if my toilet look like this?         	1
14237	Order was correct. I guess I will have to get used to eating in my car. Drive thru line went quickly.	4
14238	"Quick Service and great location, I always stop there for my apple pie treat to myself! And it's great when dipped into a cup of ice cream!"	4
14239	Either there phone isn                           t working or there employ	1
14240	"Drive thru took 20 minutes, order was wrong  fries tasted like they were reheated. Terrible. Skip this place."	1
14241	"Line was a little long, but went fast. Order was correct, food was hot. Not much more to ask for"	5
14242	"This is the third time i ask for unsweet tea and i get sweet tea.  They even repeat ""unsweet tea"" and have it on the screen as unsweet tea. Folks aren't the brightest crayons in the box ."	2
14243	They are very slow and also no dine inn. They also forgot my damn sweet n sour	2
14244	This location is one of the best McDonald's I've eaten at. I worked there a long time ago and it's good to know it's still being run well enough.	5
14245	"Worst mcdonalds I have ever been too, waited in line AFTER I ordered for 10 minutes to finally get to the food pickup window  once I finally got there I was asked to pull forward ""cause my food was ready but the frys needed 2 more minutes"" five minutes later i go inside and finally get my meal, that is stone cold."	1
14246	They got our order wrong multiple times and in the end they did not get it right so they gave us 2 free cookies and 2 free pies	3
14247	"i go there in the morning before i go to work & just get a mcgriddle but every time i go, they aren             "	1
14248	"Cold fries, one sauce for 20 nuggets. Like please next time just don             "	1
14249	This is one of the best Mcdonalds I've visited. The staff is friendly and the management extraordinary. Plus the food is always hot and fresh.	5
14250	"Not much of a McDonald's foodie, but if you're in a hurry and hungry, good for a quick bite!"	3
14251	Lines were long both inside and out. But I went in instead of going through the drive through. I think it was still faster.	3
14252	Nuggets are never fresh.	3
14253	"Fast, friendly and my go to place for frozen treats! Yummy! The peach slushie is my new favorite."	5
14254	Everything is dirty. Chocolate milk bottles for kids. Cup holders. Everything. Truly gross experience.	1
14255	"The drive thru does not get in a hurry. It was a long wait however, the girl at the window was very nice and helpful"	3
14256	When using the app you can get some really good deals.	5
14257	Workers were not so pleasant to be around and my burger was not fresh... I've worked several fast food jobs I made sure freshness was top priority	2
14258	I'm visiting from Florida and this is the second time try the drive thru and it has been extremely slow. Only for an after school treat.	2
14259	It's McDonald's. Service was fast and friendly. Can't give it 5 because it's McDonald's and unless staff is rude or the place is dirty it's hard to mess up McDonald's	4
14260	Good McDonald's. Usually get the orders right. Bigger orders just need to check they don't forget anything and of they did they fix it right away.	4
14261	Ridiculous wait time.  Waited for 18 minutes in line and still no one was moving.  We just drove off.  This is the slowest McDonald                 	1
14262	Got my drinks wrong I was   	1
14263	Fries were fresh and adequately salted. Friendly customer service.	5
14264	I waited 24 minutes for cold fries and a lukewarm burger.  I ordered the double swiss large for almost 12$ and I am so disappointed!	1
14265	Got order wrong. After asking for the right order the server got an attitude and took long to get me the food.	1
14266	On multiple occasions they forgot to put ordered items in the bag. After third trip I gave up	1
14267	Staff is very friendly.	5
14268	"Ordered the homestyle chicken sandwich, fries and a strawberry banana shake. It was hot and fresh and good for McDonald's."	4
14269	The food made me sick and even with a rush they couldn't seem to handle getting drink orders correct.	1
14270	"Love McDonald's
Still like to get kids meals to play with toys LoL
Plus you can still special order food
Just be polite"	4
14271	The lady didn't do my order correctly an she got upset when I asked for the correct items	2
14272	Food was way to greasy like grease dripping of the burger no napkins and fries were old and barely warm wouldn't recommend unless your just ving and on a cheap budget.	3
14273	No reason the lobby should still be closed. Sign said due to customer complaint the lobby was closed. Was given no other explanation other than that. Will not be coming back to this McDonald's	1
14274	Worst McDonald's I've ever been to.	1
14275	"Service was fast, however it was not to busy. I think they did a average good job."	4
14276	It says the drive thru is open 24 hours but it       	1
14277	"Monica the Manager, such a beauty    "	5
14278	Worse McDonald's ive  been too first they get my order wrong make me wait again and still give me the same wrong order	1
14279	Worst McDonald                           s experience. Meat was old and 	2
14280	Long drive through line. Asked for no onions. still got onions.	3
14281	Order not correct and long wait this visit and other visits in the past. Food cold and fries taste very old .	1
14282	"Nathan and Arecella the managers are nice
Love to go there thanks !!
Kyle"	5
14283	Great service provided during this pandemic. And always great tasting fast food!	5
14284	Only problem is that the cashier in the morning hasn't learned his job in weeks. Still makes the same mistakes and is constantly calling for help	3
14285	Love it	5
14286	I dont really like fast food but they have ice cream cones which I'm addicted to.	3
14287	Services sucks and food taste old. Works don't seem to know what they are doing.	1
14288	Was craving a quarter pounder meal	5
14289	Burgers were fresh but fries and chicken sandwich were dry	3
14290	"When you show up you got to be ready, cause their waiting on you."	5
14291	"Just looked to be a really much older McDonald's, definitely needs a facelift.. food was fine"	3
14292	The food was hot and really good. The service was fine as well	4
14293	Very slow  don't go unless you want to kill 45 minutes.  People after me we're getting there food before me. NEVER AGAIN.	1
14294	"20 Nuggets for $5 is a classic deal, great for an (extremely unhealthy) night-time snack"	4
14295	Everyone e was very nice and food was ni e and hot!!	5
14296	"Good burgers, great staff quick service"	5
14297	Too expensive for fast food that isnt very good. Not always fresh.	2
14298	"Exactly what you'd expect from a McDonald's. Consistent food, speedy service... the place could use a cleaning, though."	4
14299	Decent speed today but the fries were barely cooked.	3
14300	"They hire pot-head teens with no customer service experience. It sucks.

They do t give me the right order or they throw it inside my car and leave. Food is cold, and everything about this place sucks."	1
14301	Always clean & friendly people	4
14302	"It will always be one of the quickest cheapest places to go, food there is good for the price"	4
14303	"Ketchup dispenser empty 2days on a row, napkin dispenser empty, have to ask for napkins to get them. Very, very slow service inside,"	2
14304	It was a fast place to get a burger during our long drive. No waiting.	5
14305	"Albeit the staff was pleasantly cordial, they were as slow as molasses in January"	3
14306	I think McDonalds just need better natural food. This is how we die or get fat like my brother           	3
14307	"Fast, friendly service.  My order amd food were correct."	5
14308	"Very clean, service was fast"	5
14309	McDonald's is classic great for kids great employees good food for sure	4
14310	"It's just McDonalds  not very health choices, they took awhile with  my girlfriend order, over it was Okay experience"	4
14311	Great people messed up orders so rather have the great people with messed up orders really love the people there	4
14312	Awesome!! crew there was efficient and made my mcflurry extra delicious.	4
14313	Always slow service from how it takes before someone takes your order to when you food comes out.	2
14314	Literally the worst location ever. Horrible service. I            	1
14315	ALWAYS  WRONG FOOD ORDER!!!! Never leave without checking your food! Literally open your burger to check it! I               	1
14316	"Half and half coffee, light and McMuffin. Delicious every time!"	5
14317	"Service was slow, attitudes were awful and the quarter pounder was horrendous (the coke was still awesome though)."	1
14318	"Dining room closed everyday due to ""delta variant""."	1
14319	Normal McDonald's but they always have a long line.	4
14320	I love their burgers and the drive thru is fast	4
14321	"A big THANK YOU to the guy that made me a special m&m caramel frappe, thanks bud, it was the bomb!!!"	5
14322	Me and my family went to eat and we saw a Roach and the patties were still pink and raw never again	1
14323	"Always courteous, friendly, and accommodating.  Great customer service!"	5
14324	It is what it is. Nothing special. They mess up on our orders frequently and service is sub par at best. But it's McDonald's.	3
14325	"Fast and food, the  cheesey bacon fries were actually good and the cheese lasted to the last fry as well."	5
14326	"Good service but limited seating and ""convenience store"" environment."	4
14327	"This McDonalds is always killing it, especially when they have that cute blonde girl at the window."	5
14328	Good food. Hated to see senior citizen coffee went up in price	5
14329	"Only complaint, check your bag if you ordered ""extra"" sauces... Two is not extra"	5
14330	Dine in is still closed. Drive thru line is always long.	1
14331	Lowest rating I could give.  How are you supposed to eat a sandwich that has mud all iver the outside	1
14332	"Its McDonald's. The nuggets were kinda old, of course the ice cream machine
was still broke. Tea was kinda nasty."	2
14333	"I luv da BIG MAC   , good place 4 da kids play ground 4 dem n dey actually EAT"	5
14334	Bad management they always forget to give you all your food I               	1
14335	"Special order burger, just right. Yum."	5
14336	A little slow at times but always with a good attitude.	4
14337	Pretty good	4
14338	Lines always long. Never gives you condiments .order always wrong	3
14339	Great	5
14340	They Do Not Let People To eat inside for Years now!!! What is going on???	1
14341	The manger by the name saeid is very good one time they messed up my order and he handled the situation very professional he is very good	5
14342	Worst one ever! Curb side 30 min wait	1
14343	Food is always good and they have the best dollar menu.	5
14344	I took baby yoda                 	5
14345	They are very disorganized and having customers waiting on orders that they gave away to other people	1
14346	"A little slow in service wait,  food same McDonald's,  clean location"	4
14347	Very quick and food was fresh	5
14348	"Very slow service, inside is usually not cleaned very well."	3
14349	No refills on drive tru while waiting more than 10 min at window or drive tru	1
14350	"Fast service, clean atmosphere"	5
14351	Quick drive thru. Accurate order taker. Accurate order fulfillment.	4
14352	Lots of parking. Tasty coffee. Clean roomy restrooms.	5
14353	"Take 13 minutes to get a single order,one of the worst ever"	1
14354	Still dont know how to skip on the pickles	2
14355	Could use some training the employees camt seem to ever get our order right	3
14356	In a rush not bad any other time not so good	3
14357	"Friendly, fast service for late night! Color me impressed"	5
14358	Much. They always get my order wrong.	2
14359	Love taking grand kids here.  Clean and fast service	4
14360	"IT is ALLWAYS hotter than any other ""arch"" we've ever visited IN & Surrounding town's!"	2
14361	"Horrible place,do not go,worst service in McDonalds history!!!!!!"	1
14362	Problems with the order in the drive thru.	3
14363	The nuggets at the leon springs McDonald's are always fresh and amazing.	5
14364	"Monica the manger is just plain rude . they need new manger
severed me burnt muffins don't recommend this store it SUCKS"	1
14365	"Good fish sandwich,  thumbs down to new beef patties,  old cow flavor"	1
14366	Good location	4
14367	Big Mac was covered inside and out with special sauce.  Very sloppily made.	3
14368	Very slow and half cooked soggy fries	3
14369	Poor staffing. And had to wait for a long time for our food which was cold when we finally got it.	1
14370	Loved the biscuit sausage egg and cheese and their coffee	5
14371	Took over 30 minutes to get food through drive through	1
14372	It was super crowded..staff kept their cool ..	3
14373	"McRib sandwiches, chicken sandwiches are great. Good people."	5
14374	A decent McDonalds for the Drive thru. Order what you want and get your food.	5
14375	was horrible took 30 minutes for food employees slow and still got it wrong	1
14376	Average as most fast food restaurants in service and cleanliness.	3
14377	Always good and quick services at drive thru	5
14378	Terrible!!!! Use old dirty grease!! Food smelt like 20 year old grease         	1
14379	It's the place to go and meet people and have so fun	4
14380	It's Mcds u know what to expect	3
14381	Orderd a McChicken and they gave me a chicken patty on a muffin	1
14382	We specifically asked for Ranch but Ranch was not given	1
14383	Fast service always get what I order.	5
14384	I only gave it 1  because there was no way to rate it any less. Avoid this McDonalds.	1
14385	Long wait and only the drive thru is open	3
14386	"Good place to go, they have a grocery store next to"	5
14387	Mcdonalds needs to be in its own building with a drive through!	3
14388	y'all guys are dumb!!!! and Trevor Jonas is an awesome hard loving worker!!!	5
14389	I don't eat fast food much but I like this McDonald breakfast	4
14390	Got full but iced coffee needed more hazelnut     	3
14391	Only drive thru was open due to Covid 19	4
14392	Very quick and excellent service!!	5
14393	So very disappointed. I truly wish I could give the rating on this a zero	1
14394	"Never eating here, I like my food with out fly's.."	1
14395	Great place to get a quick bite to eat	5
14396	They were busy but very courteous.	4
14397	French fries       	5
14398	"Usually great, fresh food!"	5
14399	My burger still had a pulse...how hard is it to cook a burger     	1
14400	Good service. Fast and friendly.	4
14401	My family enjoys going to McDonald's.	5
14402	the burger i got was cold but the chicken nuggets were scalding	4
14403	Only car in the drive thru and it took 10 minutes for my food.	2
14404	"Terrible slow service, terrible food ( even for McDonald's)"	1
14405	"I only drink the coffee. Have you seen ""Super Size Me"" FML"	1
14406	Mobile app with curbside definitely a time saver!	5
14407	"Fast, got my 2 grape jellies!"	4
14408	No one was smiling.  Bathroom filthy.  No napkins or ketchup	1
14409	"Average, good coca cola"	4
14410	At lunch time fast and great service	5
14411	Lol McDonalds gave me a burger that was still raw. Thanks	1
14412	Love the McRib	4
14413	Food always cold and always mess up the order	1
14414	"I had a special order, and they got it right... Thank you"	5
14415	Love the sodas at McDonald's  	5
14416	This place is as slow as it gets. Service is terrible.	1
14417	Orders are always wrong.... double check...	2
14418	Its McDonald's...what can I say? The staff is very friendly.	4
14419	Nice and clean. Service was quick!	5
14420	ALWAYS consistent .. always open	4
14421	My fave for fast!! Great staff	5
14422	Same as them all!	3
14423	They need to improve on their listening skills!!!	2
14424	No open dining yet.	3
14425	Nice and clean w/ quick service.	4
14426	Fresh and hot! Great service!	5
14427	Slow service and as normal my order was wrong	2
14428	As always consistent McDonald  	5
14429	High priced. Need  the dollar menu back!	3
14430	Usual fare.  Very standard.  Nothing changes.	4
14431	Great place clean and the employees great attitude	5
14432	Quick breakfast while traveling	4
14433	Good breakfast.. I liked the small mall with it	4
14434	It was ok	3
14435	Excellent service.  Food good.	5
14436	Poor quality food was served day visited	2
14437	Speedy service that is what you expect from a McDonald's	5
14438	Did not recive all my food	1
14439	Because the food is just so so good	5
14440	Food took 6 minutes to get out	1
14441	Only the Drive Thru Window is open after hours	1
14442	Bothered me that to get a burger with tomato it cost 4.80	3
14443	For what they offer it's just not worth it	4
14444	McDonald's is always good	5
14445	Nothing like a McDouble in the afternoon!	5
14446	You get what you pay for cheap food means it sucks	1
14447	"Service was a bit lacking, food was average."	3
14448	Granddaughter loves it so I'm happy    	4
14449	"Typical fast food, pricier than I expected."	3
14450	Fast even with a mile long line       	5
14451	The food was ok.	4
14452	Annual reminder of why I don't eat the food here.	1
14453	        	5
14454	Long wait time in drive thru	3
14455	Always take long by the drive-thru	2
14456	Love it!	5
14457	        	2
14458	Got my order wrong... twice	2
14459	Excellent service and meal was hot	4
14460	Staff needs some training on customer service	3
14461	Very clean place and good food	5
14462	Ok good wasn't fresh	1
14463	fast service	5
14464	Crispy chicken sandwich was delicious	5
14465	It had a really good service	5
14466	Amazing fast service fresh food	5
14467	Awesome service and great atmosphere.	5
14468	Always have great fries	5
14469	Employees were friendly and helpful!	5
14470	Very hot very good tonight	5
14471	It was just something to eat not a big fan	2
14472	Fast food	3
14473	Slowest McDonald's that i have ever been to	3
14474	The mix fish is out of this world	5
14475	Filthy bathrooms and a lot of questionable patrons.	2
14476	Fast and Great Customer Service!	5
14477	Big Mac attack	5
14478	Polite and clean and fast food.	5
14479	Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to	1
14480	Needs more staff better management	1
14481	Ok food	1
14482	Long line at the drive thru	3
14483	Not open 24 hours.	1
14484	Fast and friendly	5
14485	Convenient location with fuel stop	3
14486	Very poor customer service	1
14487	"Fast, friendly, caring staff"	5
14488	No issues basic McDonald's	4
14489	"Earthworm burgers?
        "	2
14490	Great meal in this fast food restaurant.	5
14491	It's good	3
14492	Long wait times	3
14493	Great service thanks McDonald's	4
14494	Who the hell really needs to review this place.	1
14495	Incompetent workers and management sucks!	1
14496	"Quick, friendly and no errors"	4
14497	Glad the McRib sandwiches are back	5
14498	"late night, no choice, served a purpose"	1
14499	Loved it	5
14500	They are fast on service.	5
14501	Needs better person at window	3
14502	Can't get the order right	1
14503	They got it right    	5
14504	Okay food	3
14505	No s i hate McDonald's	1
14506	It's mc Donald's self explanatory	1
14507	Great service and great food	5
14508	Just a RR brake it was clean	3
14509	Love the mocha frappe	3
14510	"Good, simple, fast food"	5
14511	Good for a fast food.	4
14512	Pretty fast service !!!	5
14513	Fast sevice	5
14514	Just fast and friendly	4
14515	Good food	3
14516	"Dirty store, slow staff."	1
14517	Worst McDonald's of all time	1
14518	Good for quick bite.	3
14519	"At 10 pm, they were closed"	1
14520	Great mcdonalds will go again	4
14521	Old fries always	1
14522	Very good breakfast	5
14523	Was great	5
14524	Fast and accurate service.	5
14525	Good food	5
14526	Fast	5
14527	It's McDonald's. Not much to say. Lol	3
14528	Very nice staff!	5
14529	Great food and service	5
14530	Love the service here	4
14531	Not bad	5
14532	"Love it, great service"	5
14533	Super slow service.	3
14534	"Fries, the fries were burned and old"	1
14535	"My favorite place, for breakfast"	5
14536	Service very slow..	1
14537	doesn't sell nuggets	1
14538	Long wait times.	3
14539	Lol ll	3
14540	Slow drive thru	1
14541	Fast food	3
14542	Good food	4
14543	Cold food	3
14544	Good food	4
14545	Always fast and convenient	5
14546	Very slow service	2
14547	Too much SALT on food	2
14548	Ok	2
14549	Do not like kiosk	3
14550	GOT MY ORDER WRONG!!!       	1
14551	Great quarter pounder	5
14552	It is ok..I guess	3
14553	Good	2
14554	Service was no good	1
14555	Don't like it much	3
14556	One of the better locations	4
14557	Excessively long wait.	3
14558	Clean and prompt service	4
14559	Everyday eating for my kids	5
14560	Still bad	1
14561	Fish  burger is the best	4
14562	Slow.. very slow	3
14563	I love it	5
14564	Yummy	5
14565	Great stop for coffee	4
14566	Loved it	5
14567	It's food I guess	3
14568	Super fast	5
14569	The grandkids love it.	4
14570	Food good and good service	4
14571	It's McDonald's not 5	1
14572	Horribly long wait.	1
14573	Not good support	1
14574	Prompt orders from Employees.	5
14575	Great Food    	5
14576	The service was slow	3
14577	No big deal.	3
14578	mc Donald's>>>>	5
14579	Great food	5
14580	Your breakfast guaranteed.	5
14581	Suck too slow	1
14582	Great	5
14583	Good food fast	5
14584	Great	5
14585	That was fun!	5
14586	I wasn't there damnit	1
14587	Love it	5
14588	Mcchicken  missing chicken.	1
14589	Its slow food	2
14590	Fast service!	4
14591	Good service!	4
14592	Always fast	4
14593	Love it	5
14594	Great food	5
14595	Amazing	4
14596	Love the coffee	5
14597	Fries and a mc chicken	5
14598	It sucked	1
14599	Inside closes EARLY!	1
14600	It's McDonald's....	2
14601	It is what it is! Fast food.	3
14602	Love the mcgriddles	5
14603	Junkfood	1
14604	Quick service	5
14605	Great service	5
14606	Slow and unorganized.	1
14607	Ok	5
14608	Great service	5
14609	Ok	5
14610	Fresh	5
14611	Clean friendly	5
14612	Great	5
14613	Fast and Convenient!	5
14614	Great service	5
14615	Terrible service	1
14616	Amazing     	5
14617	Ok	4
14618	Good	4
14619	Boss bought it	3
14620	Nice	4
14621	Coffee is good	2
14622	Great food	5
14623	Super slow...	1
14624	Quick Awsome	4
14625	Great	5
14626	Great	5
14627	Always slow	3
14628	Great coffee!!!	4
14629	Slow service	1
14630	Good	5
14631	Decent	3
14632	Still McDonald's. .... still good	5
14633	Let's be real.... It's McDonald's	4
14634	Good	5
14635	Good	5
14636	Great	5
14637	Fast service	5
14638	Coffee was bitter	3
14639	Slow today....	3
14640	Nice and clean	5
14641	Fast	5
14642	Not to bad	3
14643	Dirty	1
14644	Could be better	3
14645	Its was ok	3
14646	Very clean	4
14647	not healthy place	2
14648	"Fast & productive,,"	5
14649	Fair	3
14650	I love McDonald's	5
14651	Typical McDonald's.	2
14652	Busy	1
14653	Fast service	5
14654	Bad restroom	3
14655	Okay	3
14656	Average	4
14657	Hot fast food	5
14658	Excellent 	5
14659	Good snack	3
14660	It was okay	3
14661	"We made an order to McDonald                           s through Uber eats app, we ordered 2 cactus plant flea market with the collectibles, but they didn                           t sent to us the toys, the only reason why we made this order and when we called to the Madison & Taylor store, the a"	1
14662	"Just to preface, I'm not a McDonald's regular so I don't know what the norm is for this location.
I placed a mobile order, and when I came to pick up it disappeared into the backroom chaos.  About 10 minutes go by and there were people overflowing the drivethrough and the indoor registers.  I figured I'd just hang out and just check in every once in a while, since I had nothing pressing to do.
Dozens of orders went through while I was there.  Most of them went through slowly, and a LOT needed substitutions since many products weren't available.  The store's CO2 went down, so they couldn't give out soda.  Bottled drinks were being subbed for soda, shakes being subbed for ice cream, lemonades being subbed for tea.  They were trying with what they had, but what an absolute madhouse...  Listening to the regulars in line, it sounds like this has been common recently.

This exercise of curiosity went on so long (~an hour) that there seemed to be a shift change.  Two of the new employees got together and figured out my mobile order.  Apparently, mobiles don't process automatically and need some kind of manual t by an employee - which didn't happen the previous times I asked.  Because of this, I'm sure that this doesn't reflect in their service metrics at all.

The employee that was able to help me asked first for my order number.  The number she was looking for was supposed to be something like '756' or '1691', like you see on your paper receipts.
However, that number is not actually sent to you via the app nor by email.  That sounds like an oversight with mobile ordering, rather than the local store.
After they figured it out, it took maybe 30 seconds to get my food.  Super weird experience."	1
14663	"Normally a 1core across the board but this last visit was definitely a 5. I assume because there was a manager or rep from the corporate or home offices working. This visit was like I remember from years ago. Hot food, pleasant employees, both order screens taking orders, and it wasn't even a long a** line for the driver thru. Even the intrusive pesky  panhandlers were gone."	3
14664	"The service is lousy. You will sit in the drive thru 10-15 minutes before even placing your order to get a large sweet tea, and then you will wait another 10-15 minutes to get it.  I hate that there's not another one close. If you want to wait, this is the place."	3
14665	"Good morning, Please tell me if this matters or if I'm being to sensitive or petty or overly concerned. Maybe because I didn't have my coffee this morning.

I patronize this McDonalds in Oak Park every morning. This morning I forgot my wallet. I asked the Supervisor if I could pay them the less than $5.00 breakfast tomorrow. They said so sorry No. I pleaded with this new manager that I'd never seen before. I asked for the manager that I'd spoken with on several occasions.
She refused to see me, and he stated that her response would be the same!!! I asked him what was to happen to food on the counter in front of us. He said it would be discarded!!!!

Seriously, I asked. So, I said that you'd rather throw it away then let me have it, a faithful customer.....So my lesson is now, Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson. McDonalds doesn't care about my patronizing their establishment and I'm going to seriously break my coffee habit. No more McDonalds from Oak Park on Madison for me.
A lesson well learned, can you believe my feeling was hurt when he said that my breakfast was to be discarded."	1
14666	"ey that boy who was working the front register this morning n the whole day, y'all need to give him a raise                                      br"	4
14667	"Waited in the drive through for 15 minutes to order desert. When it was our turn to order we were informed they have no ice cream, shakes or anything!    "	1
14668	"Something about this location as the mobile app and menu boards don't match. Tried to order Two Happy meals with a Combo but app kept saying not available. Ordered Quarter pounder meal and got a big Mac for 25                  . 2 Regular cheeseburgers and a Medium fries instead. The fries were chewy, without a crunch. Quarter pounder saves this from a 2  review. Had to wait after giving my pick up number, three other orders left before mine was delivered. Why have an app if it makes you wait longer and "	3
14669	Very rude charging for sauce when you purchase nuggets really please check your receipt.  Manager  Francisco very unprofessional need some customers service training	1
14670	"They                           re selling the Cactus Plant Flea Market without the collectibles                           they issue the receipt mentioning the collectibles, but you just don                           t get them. If you call they                    "	1
14671	Customer service sucks.  It's always a long line.  Ordered McDouble with ketchup only they put everything they told me pull up so they can fix and they still got it wrong.  Check your food before you leave.	1
14672	"Crew was a little slow. I had to ask for napkins and water to clean the tables, and they messed up our orders"	3
14673	The staff seem so concerned with meeting their target goals they aren                           t paying any attention to the customers or the consistency or correctness of the orders. Cashier wandered off to make a mocha (but forgot to put the mocha in) asked the manager if caramel went in a caramel macchiato. The customers served ahead of me all had somethi	2
14674	"Fast service...
Clean bathroom...
Good customer service...
Bilingual staff..."	4
14675	"I've tried to go to this location 5 times in the past month, at different days of the week, at different times, and their lobby is ALWAYS closed. I've even tried to call ahead to see if they were open, but no one picks up the phone and the voicemail is full. The new management is useless if they can't even keep the store open."	1
14676	"Quite possibly the busiest McDonald's in the area. Every time I go here the drive thru line is backed up out to the street and the parking lot is full. If you like your fast food not particularly fast, this is your place."	2
14677	"Fries was cold pop flat was in rush didnt have time to wait
Waited 15 for fresh fish and this is what I got came home cheeseburger not in back went back manager looking at the receipt like I did something wrong ask for fresh fries she refused wrote her name on receipt Leslie the worst customer service ever if I can give it a zero I would"	1
14678	"Are use my mobile app this morning I waited to hear your associates voice  he say, go on with your order
When I order it, he didn                           t asked me if I wante"	2
14679	never have and ice creams or smoothies and always get the order wrong it shouldn      	1
14680	"Out of 10 or so customers, I was the only one asked to verify my mobile order number (as if I was trying to steal food) --I was also the only white person..."	1
14681	"Food is what is expected, customer service could use more training."	3
14682	This place has fallen off. all kiosks were down this morning. No one manning the register. One drive thru working	2
14683	Oh my God I love this place I wish to hear every single day like McDonald's is the freaking best chicken nuggets but then I want to charge them!	5
14684	I ordered lunch today they only were doing kiosk only and had 10 people waiting in front of me waiting for online orders after I used the kiosk I waited 20 minutes for my food then when I got the food my they gave me iced coffee instead of the frappe I told the worker she claimed it                           s what I ordered then got two of the wrong deserts and also didn                     	1
14685	"McD on Madison in Oak Park, IL. No Shamrock Shake. Unable/ unwilling to come up with the Triple Cheeseburger meal. Had to pay more to have it A La Carte. A travesty. Stay away."	1
14686	"The employees here are very commendable, very fast, attentive and very nice as always! So far this is the fastest serving McDonalds drive thru i have experienced. Courteous employees and going extra mile to deliver your orders, saying sorry when took some time. Service was quick, atmosphere was good, and looks like the employees were trained good and happy in their place. I have been coming to this McDonalds for about a year. I have always had great service and happy interactions with the employees. Hot and fresh Quarter pound burgers are delicious along with their great fries and drinks."	4
14687	Super busy. But the food is always and Mickeydees good!!!	5
14688	We are so disappointed in McDonald's now. It used to be very good. Now the service is horrible we didn't get a chance to find out about the food because we had to leave	1
14689	"OMG. Not only are they absolutely adorable and pleasantly innovative, the new MCDONALD'S PULL APART DONUTS.
THEY ARE LIKE IF HONEY BUNS AND KRISPY KREMES HAD A BABY TOGETHER. Absolutely delicious."	5
14690	"Every time I go there, there are beggars who will ask you to buy them food, to use your phone or to stick their hands and faces inside your car and ask for money.  I get that panhandling is legal in Oak Park but that doesn't give someone the right to harass you when you're getting food.
Please Oak Park government, make panhandling illegal again; most people who do this get in other people's faces and harass them and verbally abuse them. God forbid one of these people pulls a knife or gun on a customer if they say no.
This location is always busy, crowded with long wait times and half the time the food is cold."	2
14691	Took an hour freaking plus to get my freaking order !!!! I am pregnant ving and the dumb customer service from Uber eats wanted me to reheat wet cold nasty fries . Unbelievable. And still fighting to give me my money back . They wanted me to freaking get sick and sue probably. Threw it all out waste of Money and time and I                     	1
14692	Courteous friendly clean fast Excellence service	5
14693	It was a genuine mcdonalds except the oGs in there every mornung	5
14694	"It's your standard McDonald's. Food is decent, service fine."	3
14695	I so                                         	5
14696	"This is one of the worst McDonald                           s locations I                           ve ever been to. The morning manager is particularly bad, rude, dismissive, and "	1
14697	The quality of the food has changed the product entirety.	2
14698	I just stopped at this McDonald                           s for a small Carmel frappe with extra Carmel and a blueberry muffin. There was no cars in the drive thru. The young lady asked if I could please moved to the next window I get there and sat for a little while no one came to the window. I went to the next window there was a woman standing there I said good morning and tried handing her cash. She says we don                           t take money here pointing to the Window behind me and walked away from the window. EXTREMELY RUDE. I said umm excuse me                           .? Ma                           am? She never came back to the Window. Instead someone by the name of Jasmine Ramirez comes to the window instead and insist that I drive BACK to the first window because the employee w my money. How is it my fault that your employee wasn                           t at the window? When another car approached the drive through Jasmine then asked what did u order? I explained my order and she says we don                           t have Carmel frappes                           . I then ask woww why wouldn                           t she the employee mention that? She apologized and said the employee just got here she didn                           t know                            more ex	1
14699	"They have a problem with people soliciting and asking for money. Had a guy with just ripped pants inside (No shirt, or shoes) who approached me and ted to size me up IN THE MCDONALDS. Always busy and never a quiet moment. Owner of this franchise needs to actually enforce their solicitation policy before I ever try to come back."	1
14700	Long white hair on my sandwich. Food was so old I didn't even bother to reorder. I'm dumb for going there when they've never done right.	1
14701	Excellent food with excellent service!	5
14702	"Please avoid this location at all costs.Not all the employees are wearing masks & gloves, not even hairnets. While in line at the drive through I watched as they handed bags to cars, the drivers checked them out & gave it back, wrong order. Then it happened again, & I was able to see the staff member put the she retrieved from previous customer to the side. When I got to the window for my pickup, she wanted me to take that bag. When I said no, & ask to get the order redone, she wanted to debate this issue, I finally asked for a refund. When food goes out of their possession and comes back from a customer, it                           s spoiled & should be thrown out, industry standards, especially in today                           s environment. No one here cares about safety, I    "	1
14703	Very slow service. When I was waiting for my food two different customers came in with orders that were wrong. I waited for over 10 minutes just for 1 McChicken sandwich    	2
14704	Sometimes the service is good sometimes the service is bad. Sometimes you'll get your correct food sometimes you don't get the correct food you ordered. But one thing is for certain they get their money EVERYTIME. I'm tired of the some timing so I will not come back.	3
14705	Fast food movesca bit slow. Which would be fine if my fries and sandwich were hot and got my order correct. Disappointed I had no pickles on my chicken sandwich which was not even warm and fries cold and waxy! Very disappointed.  Busy can become unbusy.	3
14706	"If you want your order wrong, this is the place for you. I've been here at least 5 time's and almost every time the order is wrong."	1
14707	This location is iffy at times because they have a high turnover rate and always training someone new. Hard to really have any continuity when u have all new workers every other week	2
14708	"Fast service ,  some time  hot food   "	5
14709	They can be very slow when you go inside to order but the they focus more on the drive thru then the people inside! But overall it's okay and maybe it depends on the day that you come..	4
14710	"This McDonald's is in Appleton, Wisconsin,not Oak Park.
The food is not what it use to be...the fries tasty liked they were cooked in old cooking oil. They were cold as well. I was very disappointed with this meal. I went back in and told them ,I saw around 7/10 orders of fries sitting under the heat lamp. I told the employee ,I will wait for new hot                                     .When she gave them to me and I tasted them .They were Hot! However, they sti"	1
14711	What a waste of a good location. No cashier's and broken kiosks. Just forget about it.	1
14712	"Be ready to wait!!  It's a McDonald's so you know what to expect in regards to the good. The problem at this location is the speed of service, since about April. In April they changed to drive thru only and have since added carry for those willing to walk in.  Both the drive thru and in person wait are constantly long. Most recently I went there for a Big Mac meal and it took 5 minutes before I could place my order with only 2 people ahead of me and then waited 7-9 minutes for my order to be done. I did see 2 people that ordered after me, get their orders first, and neither was a smaller order."	3
14713	Shoe store was nice and clean all the shoes are in place customer service was terrific the problem that I have is that it does not go up to size 12 and dress shoes for women	4
14714	"The area's are clean. Nice natural light comes thru the skylights by the fireplace. Plenty of seats by the fireplace to plug in a device. Refills on soda. I've been here twice so far. Each time the people working the counter were organized, quick & cheerful. Truly a treat when you get your order taken this way, twice. I'll be going here monthly & hopefully the staff stays this way.       "	5
14715	How hard is it to give a complete order. It                           s not rocket science!!! I   	1
14716	"The experience was just okay and I was not impressed today. The Dr. Pepper tasted water down, fries was not filled to the top and the 6 piece happy meal is extra and not included if you use the buy the combo get happy meal free coupon. Even though it's included in the options when ordering on the mobile app. Doesn't make much sense to me....."	3
14717	The kids love them	5
14718	"They've gotten my order incorrect three times. I normally order the same thing all the time: two steak and cheese bagels and a mango smoothie. One time they gave me two sausage bagels. The next time they gave me two sausage bagels with egg and cheese. The third time they gave me two steak and cheese bagels with egg. When I tried to call the number on the receipt, it goes to some corporate number who never returned my call."	1
14719	"Average McD's. Small. Drive thru was jam packed so I went in and almost walked out without ordering. Dining section roped off Front area needs cleaning.  Otherwise,  in and out in under 5 minutes."	3
14720	"rude, slow, and can        "	1
14721	This used to be the best location for the freshest food but it clearly is not anymore. My nuggets were over done and I had to pour my drink out twice because it either tasted like pure syrup or water and I had to settle for something I didn't want to drink. Also how do you ask the customer what kind of sauce they want and STILL don't put it in the bag and got the nerve to catch an attitude when I ask you for it. I won't be going back to this location.	2
14722	"Use the app for deals. This location is clean, and orderly. Service is polite and orders are accurate. What more would you ask for? A happy meal? They have those too."	5
14723	"Sorry! The previous review for this McDonald's was actually for Al's Grill . This McDonald's is on Madison across from the Oak Park Police Station. It is very popular and the drive through is always busy and packed.it is only a couple blocks from Chicago far west Austin neighborhood,  but in Oak Park, a relatively safe and attractive suburb.  The fast food is like the other McDonald's,  good to you, but not necessarily good for you,  LOL. Prices are good too."	3
14724	Great food and service	5
14725	"Long lines but that's McDonald's for you, when they are selling crack I mean two all beef patties with special sauce on a sesame seed bun. The problems lies when you have a big order at the drive through. You must hold the line to make sure you got everything you ordered because you dont want to have to go inside or go through the drive through again. Quite a dilemma."	4
14726	Ordered my food. Just your typical McDonald's.  The special orders were all correct. Slight wait and the manager gave me two free holiday pie desserts for the hassle. Excellent customer recovery and service.	4
14727	"One of my favorite McDonald's. Always clean, courteous and friendly. Good      "	5
14728	"This place is the worst and we come here twice a day and don't know why....

I always get our food wrong every time no matter what.

The people running the speaker and the drive-thru menu do not know the product nor the day engage correctly with correct language.

Not only do they not give me two extra milks today but they also spilled coffee on me in the Drive-Thru!

Not coming back..."	1
14729	My cheeseburgers from my #7 were not put in the bag and I didn't realize until I got home. And no one answers the phone.	1
14730	Employees too busy window licking to get any order correct.	1
14731	"This place hasn't had the tenders and fish sandwich for a minute. They say they ran out but it's been a while now. That or they forgot to remove paper from drive thru. What ever. I like eating here it's cozy. Has a fire place and over all nice. Employees are your average 21st century customer service type, horrible."	3
14732	I so missed this place since it was not serving breakfast during the early onset of the COVID-19 Virus.  Could not wait to grab me two sausage biscuit sandwiches yesterday when I stopped in and due to not having one since March 2020.  Still great sandwich and fast place to eat for a quick bite.	5
14733	"Went through the drive through and had poor customer service. It was late at night (10pm) though, so I understand. Also the wait was 15+ minutes for my order while others were churning through. Lesson learned: chicken tenders take time."	2
14734	I thought It would be nice to stop at McDonald's because I dint want to cook today place my order the young lady that took my payment was nice and friendly but the person that was handing the food out had an attitude problem I asked for a cup holder and she looked at me like I stole something and when she handed my food to me she act like I was disturbing her so I will not go back to that McDonalds no more 111 west Madison Street in oak Park I'm sorry her day going bed but you chose to work there I did not force you to work though that's the career path you chose and my fries are cold and old dint want to drive ba CV k lesson learned they lost a customer	1
14735	"Too many flies in the kitchen. Poor food, and a sloppy looking man who supposedly managed. Did not notice filthy cup handed to me for drink. An awesome employee noticed and gave me clean cup. Dirty restaurant, poor management, great woman supervisor."	1
14736	Need help there service is very slow and when ordering a shake there machine is not working 15 minutes for a quarter pounder fry and coke	3
14737	"The bacon cheese fries were cold and there was just a bit of cheese sauce on top leaving the bottom fries dry and hard. My daughter purchased a Dr. Pepper that taste like carbonated water with just a bit of aftertaste. We went through the drive-thru and it was very busy, so wet just ended up tossing most of it."	1
14738	"If I were ving and this McDonald                           s was the only restaurant for 100 miles....I                           d take my chances 100 miles away. I experienced awful customer service, cold food, improperly trained employees and terrible "	1
14739	"I used to work here. Last Wednesday, I ordered an unsweetened tea no ice. When I got home, there was ice in it, but I let it slide. This time, I ordered the same thing, but this time it's a sweetened tea. I mean, the short time I worked there, I was in the drive through window taking orders since I was the most efficient there out of everyone and had the most enthusiasm. These last 2 trips have been misfires compared to past trips. Note that I go through the drive through after 11pm when it's not busy at all, so there's no reason to mess up an order with 2 items or less."	1
14740	It's a nice building with Frank Lloyd Wright inspired designs. They rarely seem to clean the tables but it's fine for take out. Expect to get hit up by a beggar at the doors or even inside the restaurant.	3
14741	Slow on service(Drive Thru) but excellent food/ drink service	5
14742	"I can tell the manager had great energy. Point is she needs to hire people that look like they want to be there. Clothing dysfunctional, discussing issues with other customers...hair messy np caps.  In other words I'm not loving it!!"	1
14743	Food is good but the smoothies always taste like coffee. I dont think they clean the blenders between rinses. But its always been pretty fast service.	3
14744	This McDonald                           s on Madison in oak park have very Rude Mangers She gave me the wrong order and got mad cause I give it back and Not on top of that th	1
14745	"This particular McDonald's is about the best I've ever been to. I normally go through the drive-thru at 5:30 in the morning, along with numerous of other cars, and there's never a long wait. I'm normally in and out the Drive-Thru,  ( With my food and beverage ) in about 10 to 15 minutes tops!! My coffee, cheese, biscuit, egg and steak seemingly, is always waiting for me good, and hot every morning. In-fact everything that, I've ever purchase from here, has always been good. ""Oh! And I must say that the employees even at, 4:30 in the morning, are always pleasant, polite,, and friendly. And that really helps me, jump t my day!
""Thank you McDonald's I'm loving it"""	5
14746	No one had any gloves on and there were about 4 hands in my bag touching my food	1
14747	"Mcd, charges an arm and a leg for the food and it's ting to taste like it's been under an arm and a leg. Buns are harder than a rock. I got a fish fillet and had to throw it in the garbage. I got a biscuit sandwich earlier and the bread was too hard. I had to throw it out. Don't get me ted on the hash browns. Check your food before leaving to see if it's edible. You give them good money and they give you good garbage."	1
14748	"I am a sweet tea addict, so I see these employees daily. Many of them greet me by name, most of them know my order, and they are all excellent employees. I appreciate them every day!"	5
14749	"I ordered a hamburger and when I unwrapped it, there was no ketchup, or anything on one side. The other side had a dab of ketchu, mud, 1 pickle, and a sprinkle of onion! It was good though! Very spacious and cozy!"	3
14750	Trifling put Big Mac sauce on my Deluxe chicken sandwich                           	1
14751	It took very long to get the food and they also didn't even know what most of the McDonald's app was.	1
14752	"Would give it less s if I could! I purchased my meals via the McDonald's app in order to save some time when I arrived and pulled into curbside parking slot #4 and entered it into the app I received the message that this store is currently closed, which it was not! So I had to wait in the drive thru lane almost 15 minutes only to have the cashier charge my account twice, then had to wait roughly another 10 minutes for the manager to appear only to tell me there is nothing she can do about it and I would have to contact the app department."	1
14753	"Sorry, there was a time when you could whiz thru the drive thru with no problem! Now you need a translator, for five minutes we're trying to clarify tea & cheese!!!!"	3
14754	"Teach your employees basic math. I'm relying on delivery services because of the COVID outbreak closing everything. Unfortunately that means I'm stuck with what I get. I ordered 3 hashbrowns, and received 1. Did you know, that 3 means there are 2 more hash browns than 1? Amazing fact, isn't it? It's something you should've learned in pre school. On top of that, they gave me no receipt. I have no proof of this. Maybe it's in your computer, but I demand a refund since I can't get one with the delivery app, and maybe pick up the phone as I was calling this McDonald's about this over and over. Thank you."	1
14755	"Management sucks, sent someone home, claimed he wasn't doing anything but he was assisting me with an order. I had two different ordered and got refunds on both. Two thumbs down for Erin"	1
14756	It's not what it used to be. There longer waits in line and the service isn't really all that great. They're sometimes understaffed because that people are overworked or not paid enough. However it does serve the local community and passerbuys. So it is good for something.	2
14757	"Long line at the drive through, but it moved super fast.  Very friendly staff. My order was correct and the food was hot."	5
14758	"Drive thru is very slow
Went inside and they are slow didn't give fries with happy meal"	1
14759	"Sometimes it's a hit or miss with the food.  Undercooked fries or fish.  Luke warm food, beverage cups not filled up, 3/4 fries in the package.  But, they will correct it with no problem.  The attitudes are always A++."	3
14760	Open till 1 AM? Change your posted hours or stay open till you say you will. Went at about 12:15 AM and said they were closed.	1
14761	This McDonald's food is always fresh              	5
14762	"Attention Veterans. This location doesn't participate in November 11th Veteran's Day discounts. The employees and Manager didn't know what that meant. McDonald's headquarters is nearby, it's on the news, and it happens every year. You will learn today."	1
14763	"Old hard fries clogged toilet
Room temperature burger
Sticky dirty tables
Garbage on the floor no hello
no thank you surly robots
Clogged toilet no hello"	1
14764	I remember coming here as a child in between church services. We got a chance to play in the Playland. Brung my son here to share the experience.... it's not here anymore. There was nice upgraded layout. Upon walking in there was this foul odor of something similar to medicated human feces.	3
14765	They never have fruit punch for kids and i can never get a carmel frappe im just going to t going to another one im disappointed everytime i come here	2
14766	Don                           t like fixing orders becomes very rude even the manager  but does make thing I           	2
14767	"By far the worst McDonald's in the world! The staff is impolite, the wait times are ridiculous, they get your order wrong often, someone is always outside begging for change, food rarely fresh, they often are out of things, there's never an apology for your experience. Stay away at all cost!"	1
14768	The food was not fresh. The fish sandwich was refried and burnt. Bad service. The young lady at the window had the nerve to have an attitude when I said something about the food.	1
14769	Extreme long drive thru wait order food and Uber eats took a hour plus	1
14770	"Service was horrible. I will never go to that location again. Madison near Cicero.
Took 30 mins to get a hot tea. Worke4 had an attitude . I kept being nice i didn't  What her to spit in my water. It was ridiculous I will never go to that location again"	1
14771	"Completely serviceable. Not the best, but not the worst location by far. Could use with a few sectors hands keeping the tables clean. But food is hot and fast!"	4
14772	McDonald team work fast and efficient very few McDonalds have short line they get the job done Thank you Mary P	4
14773	"Staff was friendly and order was correct. You guys made my nieces very happy, kids are crazy when they are 'hangry'."	5
14774	"They never have anything, their customer service is horrible. It was never to me but everytime I'm in there their employees are continuously rude ...even management on more than a few occasions I've seen this occurr now i uave encountered nastiness and professionalism on that  part coming from a manager at this location. Correction this is for the Mc Donalds on madison and lavergne not the Oak Park location, they are far better!!!!"	1
14775	This is the worst McDonald's that been. Usually it really dirty.  The service is really terrible. And my experience today was. Really bad because the employees messed up my order and when i  call back instead helpings me the person who answer she just hanged me up. I tried to call back they just pick up the phone and hange up.	1
14776	Wrost McDonald's Ever! Ordered here thru ubereats and got another person's order delivered to me.. tried calling several times.. literally no one will answer and this is not the first time I tried called..its ridiculous!	1
14777	I'm only giving them 4 ts because the corporation sucks! But I've always had great experience with the employees!	4
14778	Get your act together. ..order my food .get total .pull up to window and they say you are supposed to pay at first window..Nobody was there ..the cars in front of me didn't pay there...maybe they all got free food.   I just left	1
14779	"Currently under construction so done in is unavailable. Despite having crew members outside to run orders, the drive thru is frequently backed up into Madison Street."	3
14780	"It's McDonald's...literally no more, and not one iota less. We all need a reliably bland, calorie-rich meal from time to time.           Ronald Mac - I salute you."	4
14781	I had a problem wirh my order over 3 eeeks ago ..called and left a message ..and no one has responded back to me..	1
14782	"Teenagers rudely upset my evening there.  They were disruptive, loud, and disrespectful and staff said nor did anything.  One customer spoke up and they finally left.   Will be taking my food to go moving forward."	3
14783	I enjoy going to that McDonald's because it is always well kept up in my opinion.. The staff is very nice... The surrounding is comfortable and even the customers are even pleasant.. If you are older and want to go for a nice friendly hang out in the morn that is the place to meet new friends.. IN MY OPINION...	5
14784	Food was good.  Check your fries prior to leaving.  Mine were cold.	4
14785	Was busy but service was nice. Touch menu needs update couldn't order my Frappuccino with extra caramel    	4
14786	"Ok,today.worker need to be friendlier. THEY NEED TO PLEASE GET MY ORDERS RIGHT. THEY KEEP GIVING ME THE WRONG ORDER.I T CHECKING AT THE WINDOW AND THEY STILL GET IT WRONG, THEN GET A ATTITUDE. WOW."	3
14787	Love my restaurant	5
14788	Inside not open when 5 people in there handicap person needed to restroom very disrespectful	1
14789	"Bad Manager who supervise this place because they care more about the Drive thur than the Customer inside, they have one Register open with 7 or 8 people in line during peak hours after 5pm."	2
14790	We where in the drive throw line for over 20 minutes. That's just way too long	2
14791	Slow service employees in the back using bad language leaving customers waiting to order	1
14792	"Mc Donald's needs to give its name a goooooo. This was terrible and dry. The food was room temperature.  I have burgers, fish sandwiches, chicken sandwiches fries and drinks . It was all terrible!"	2
14793	The waiting 9:15 till 9:48am	1
14794	This is my spot on the regular.  Tonight they shorted me three orders of fries and sometimes the sweet tea is too sweet.	4
14795	"Cheap, fast and efficient. Not to bad on the road but your body might not forgive it you"	3
14796	Papa papa I'm loving it	5
14797	Every time I purchase a large sweet tea it's  unsweetened  when I purchase the double quarter pound sandwich it's  a single please correct or I will go some where  else	2
14798	My Best experience is me walking in and seeing the staff smiling face waiting to take your order. Saying GOOD MORNING beautiful may I help you        	5
14799	"The place is clean, they mostly get your order right. Serve us fast. But it can be really crowded."	4
14800	Good!	5
14801	I've loved this place since I was a child. I miss the play place. They need to make them everywhere as a requirement. I am glad they brought the happy meal boxes back :)	4
14802	"They can handle a custom order, but the wait time is usally longer than it should be at this location."	4
14803	Drive thru lone is always long but they are efficient in getting everyone in and out	5
14804	Requested sweet tea no ice and got home and had to add sugar to the tea because the clerk gave me a tea without sugar!!	2
14805	"This store always forgets something when you order to go. It is so frustrating to get all the way home and not have salad dressing for your salad, or they forget to put the juice box in your kids happy meal!!!!!!!"	1
14806	Always messing out the orders and real slow at rhe drive thru	1
14807	Don't have to wait for a long time the walk up line was fast and my order was right the first time.	4
14808	Service was fast friendly sandiches were but breakfast burritos were not fresh and not made well when they were fresh I'll avoid getting those from here but everything else should be ok	3
14809	"The few times I visited line was super long, will not be returning"	3
14810	Why hide them less than 5 . You've been in my life forever. Great place. Great management.	5
14811	Cause it's a nice place to take your kid's and sit down and hold a commersation and let them talk and the food is good to all of us	5
14812	Poor quality of food and always have ppl begging at the window	2
14813	"It's McDonald's. However very nice service at this one. The manager did 2 table touches! Love the $1,$2,$3 value menu for lunch!"	3
14814	Can           	4
14815	"Nice, but make sure you check your order they always make my coffee order incorrectly!"	3
14816	The dining area was dirty. No straws or napkins available. Crispy tenders were undercooked	2
14817	"Friendly customer service through drive thru service was great. Friendly, pleasant staff, offering fast service as well."	4
14818	Very friendly workers and they move pretty quickly too. Clean inside & outside. Lighting outside is good at night as well.	5
14819	"I love this place.  I go here often.  They have booths.  Even though u r in the public, u have privacy.  The staff are courteous and quick!"	5
14820	The dining area is always closed and the drive-thru is very slow	2
14821	"Just Mickey, got a kid meal. The only thing I hate about this est. too many pan handlers allowed to beg in front of the doors."	2
14822	"They are friendly, but do not go at the wrong time it gets super busy.  I have had to keep going more times than I can count."	3
14823	Wish there was 0 s because they would get it served me a raw double quarter pounder not pink raw  Too many dam young people with no manners working there  French fries always taste like chips I'll drive to rock and roll before I go here and I live in Oak Park	1
14824	Absolutely horrible service. You have a better chance of winning the Illinois lottery than the employees getting your order correct.	1
14825	Hard cold tear your teeth out French fries. Horrible!	1
14826	"Most have no idea the historic significance of this McDonalds.  Back in the 60's ALL McDonalds restaurants were drive-ins....meaning no indoor seating.  You ate in your car (or standing outside).  Oak Park had an ordinance that stated ""no drive-in restaurants"" but Ray Kroc (founder of McDonalds wanted a McDonalds in his home town).  So in order to get approval to be built, THIS very McDonalds,  agreed to install stand up (hi-top) tables inside so technically you could eat inside.  It was to my knowledge the first McDonalds ever where you could sit inside and eat.  As I recall, it opened in/around 1966 or so.  It was a VERY big deal around the area."	4
14827	It a nice and clean place their in oak park McDonald's. I lived their for over 15 years and never had any problems	5
14828	"This is the worst McDonald's with the world's largest potholes CAUTIOUS when entering the property it's ridiculous they can't fix this, I'm surprised the Village of Oak Park  has not done anything about this it's a huge safety hazard. Shame on you VOP!!"	1
14829	The sandwich was terrible. The meat wasn't cook all the way	5
14830	You know the menu and there is a burnt out Jeep in the lot. So that's fun for all ages	3
14831	"The morning manager is rude @ the Roosevelt & Central location in Chicago.  I don't want her to lose her job, just fix her attitude & smile more!!!  I wait a little too long sometimes."	2
14832	Someone is going to get hurt or killed coming here or passing by! Right across the street from the Oak Park PD yet lines are out in the street in Madison and people do not watch when pulling in or out! FIX IT!!!	1
14833	I love McDonald's forever and a day the main ones is on central and roosevelt and central also the one in oak park around my area	5
14834	It was good. They had the lunch menu's up. But not serving lunch yet. So needs to not put that up unless they are serving lunch	5
14835	"T0day @ 2:25pm  I ordered a sausage mcmuffin, I still not gotten it @ 2:50 pm. I requestes my money back then left."	5
14836	"Worst service.  They messed up my order and it was MY fault!! Everyone needs to loose the attitude here, after 4-5 bad experiences here; not coming back!"	1
14837	"One of the best McDonalds near Chicago, Fresh Food!"	4
14838	"It's McDonalds. The staff are cool, but like, it's McDonalds food, it sucks and is horrible for you. Staff are cool tho, and I think their ice cream machine works, MAYBE."	2
14839	My mc chicken is really hard and burnt	1
14840	It's open and available early mornings when I get off work. Breakfast is hot and ready with no waiting...	3
14841	Idk know why but McDonald's just don't taste like McDonald's anymore	3
14842	Bees were all over the place could not evn reach hand out window to pay for food and then fries were cold. Just terrible	2
14843	How's the food is hot in the fries are delicious and most of my very respectable staff that is	5
14844	McDonald's has Icee's (I love the Coke Cola and Cherry mix).  The employees are very nice and friendly.	5
14845	Just ordered a frozen coffee drink - quick service	3
14846	After a long day I came here to buy a sandwich which took me about 40 minutes waiting in drive through Line and after 40 minutes they gave me a cheeseburger WITHOUT MEET !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And cold fries this store is terrible I         	1
14847	I went there to get a strawberry shake for my husband and he said it was fabulous	5
14848	McDonald's is McDonald's they're famous because every restaurant tastes the same good quality fresh & hot drive-thru experience	4
14849	Courteous service and good food!!!  It was not a long wait in drive-thru.	4
14850	Very crowded drive thru but processed in fast and friendly manner.	5
14851	Food was hot and tasty. No long wait at all!	4
14852	Very unprofessional never get your order right and always have an attitude	1
14853	When the owner is there this McDonald's runs like clockwork but when he's not there service Lacks long wait times sometimes total chaos drive-thru is not too bad but when the delivery truck shows up it can be a headache	3
14854	"Asked for fresh cooked strips, I got them they were were good
with the honey  mud sauce."	5
14855	Good food but service speed leaves a lot to be desired.	3
14856	Very very slow drive thru	4
14857	I love visiting this location because i never had a problem with customer service	4
14858	They are very quick and very nice! The drive thru went by very quickly	5
14859	"Entrances are not marked clearly, after I park oh, I had to walk all the way around the building to enter and pick up my food"	3
14860	Very fast and fresh I didn't even have to reorder!	5
14861	Purchased breakfast at oak park location good service very courteous go there frequently.	4
14862	When I asked to get my meal FRESH they did not while they said they did.  All my food was cold.	1
14863	I have to wait for a coffee to be Brewing for 20 minutes rather than that everything it was scream really good	3
14864	French fries hard as a rock.	2
14865	Manager very unprofessional period I see why they always need help know one want to work under her	1
14866	"Breakfast was great. Hash brown not greasy, McMuffin was soft and fluffy."	5
14867	Slow service and they always forget something you ordered. Very poor service.	2
14868	"Line was extremely long in drive thru, it took 30 mins to order & additional 10 to get my food"	1
14869	Strawberry cream pies are so tasty. This is one of 2 locations that carry it.	5
14870	I waited 30mins to get my food and they didnt put my 10pc nuggets in the bag smh	1
14871	"Order was wrong at a high price, personally I don't eat their and would not in the future."	1
14872	"Quick friendly service. Food is nice, hot and fresh."	5
14873	Prices are very high I don't think I will ever go back	1
14874	"Food good and hot ,served was fast thru the drive thur"	3
14875	Well organized accurate and friendly but they are very busy so prepare to wait	4
14876	There place look dirty and when I ask for ketchup all the packages were smear with something sticky that look like honey barbecue.	1
14877	My fish sandwich was fix the way I like so I have no problem with McDonald.	5
14878	Reminds me of when I was a child and my mom would take us to get happy meals.	3
14879	Cool for the kid of mine	4
14880	"Poor service, no hair net covering hair and no gloves. I witnessed one lady fixing a Customer order of nuggets with no gloves on."	1
14881	Waited VERY lon on a Drive through order and the foid was burnt. I Was hungry and in a hurry	1
14882	"Good hot food served quickly, kinda pricey!!"	4
14883	Horrible they messed up my whole order and. Had to give me a refund. And they over charged me	1
14884	People ain                           t wearing GLOVES or MASK giving you your 	1
14885	I only went cause my dad wanted to go. I don't favor fast food	2
14886	"some ""hood"" mcdonalds take too long 30 minute wait to even order your food.  food is pretty quality though"	3
14887	"This time the service a little bit slow, but their effort was good and they tried hard. ."	5
14888	Most of the workers here are incompetent humans	1
14889	This McDonald's has a stunning reproduction of an 18th century spoon collection in its back parlor.	5
14890	I use the mobile app I've just pull up and park in the spot five minutes later I have my food	5
14891	"I'm not usually a fan of McDonald's, but this location had good food. It was also clean and the staff were friendly."	5
14892	"Order fresh, they give you old"	1
14893	Fast don't mean already sitting and waiting. Fast but hardly fresh	1
14894	The quarter pounder was delicious and my fries were fresh and hot.	5
14895	Very Quick Service's And Food Always Hot.	5
14896	Friendly staff...food good	4
14897	Great customer service need more staff to clean lobby.    	4
14898	"A guy there looked into my bag, asked me to confirm my order and somehow the wrong order was still given to me."	1
14899	To long to make customer orders	2
14900	Doesn't agree with me much anymore. Not the same McDonalds quality from my childhood	3
14901	"Everything is ok, but there Southwest Salad and Sauce is off the Chain"	5
14902	Bad service and received the wrong food.  Would never go to that McDonald    	1
14903	Slowest Mcdonalds drive thru ever. Im currently here while typing this review.	2
14904	Unless u got a half-hour to spend in the drive thur.  Go for it .	1
14905	i ordered a bacon egg and cheese biscuit  but they forgot to put a piece of bacon on my breakfast sandwich	1
14906	Is anyone else having difficulty getting through when they call because for me I called so many times and they never pick up	1
14907	Service can definitely be better.	3
14908	On my way back to texas... its amazing passing through here .	5
14909	The food was fresh and the service was fast and friendly!	5
14910	Food was good and hot. Service was okay.	4
14911	So slow for fast food. Half hour in the drive threw.	2
14912	"I was waiting couple minutes anda no body take my order,  the was inside with cigarrete????"	1
14913	McDonald's is a great place I just don't eat McDonald's food I don't eat meat and if I was I would eat McDonald's great place to come	5
14914	They got my hamburger order wrong after having repeated it 2x to them its just ketchup on a plain hamburger but they put onions n mud on it	2
14915	The service was good and I enjoyed my food.	5
14916	"Very slow, only one cashier, drive thru and lobby were backed up"	1
14917	Food was not hot nor fresh	1
14918	Had to charge my cc three times because lady can't take an order	1
14919	Good service great prices	4
14920	They pretty good the only McDonald's I go too	4
14921	The food was not great and they don't sell double hamburgers!	2
14922	Soooooo dirty...not 1 clean table and the restaurant was empty!	1
14923	Something will always be wrong with your order. 20+ years n has never gotten it right on the first try.	3
14924	Customer service is Horrible how do you forget to put the hamburger on the bun. REALLY.	1
14925	"A little bit slow, I have been to much faster McDonald's"	3
14926	I needed to see something like that on a day like today. God is so awesome	5
14927	The new battered chicken nuggets are good. The tables in the restaurant need to be cleaned.	4
14928	"Even at a busy time, service was still good."	4
14929	To slow food wasn't hot you pay for extra still don't get it no hair nets to	3
14930	Love it!! And its within walking distance.	5
14931	I order from my phone soon as I get there my order is already ready for pick up.	5
14932	"Its OK, just like any other Mickey D's. Sometimes good- Sometimes bad.."	3
14933	The service is awful and the order is wrong more often than it should be	2
14934	"Food is sometimes exactly what you ordered, and that is completely annoying."	3
14935	They had what I wanted (egg biscuit) and it was good	5
14936	Store Manager Elizabeth She Banned Me For Something Stupid Which I Don't Understand Her And I Think She's Petty	5
14937	The full was expected but there are drive-thru had a difficult setup	3
14938	Good food and great service	5
14939	Refused to give me water on a hot day	1
14940	It was pleasant clean and the service was off the chain.	5
14941	Staff is rude. Im done.	1
14942	"Sandwich Lukewarm,clients are loud and children noisy. Will not return to that location"	1
14943	Really slow service inside	1
14944	Been coming since I was a lil guy at Longfellow.	5
14945	Nice to cook fresh fries!	4
14946	The manger have smart mouth she going to say something to wrong person someone going to pop her in her mouth.	1
14947	Randomly closed on a Monday night	2
14948	The one in oak park and 87th Southside food always fresh	4
14949	Nice's Clean And Fast Drive Thru Service's	4
14950	Had a rude customer ahead of me in the drive thru.	2
14951	"No cars in the drive thru was great like 1,2,3"	4
14952	"Very friendly service, place is decently kept."	4
14953	Never get my order correct	1
14954	The food is cold and I continue to get the wrong order.	2
14955	under  construction (lobby is closed) long lane at the drive thru	4
14956	Aye bruh of yall dont know what McDonalds is you lost. Its like not having god	5
14957	Nice clean place. No static. Peaceful	5
14958	Great customer service good food	5
14959	I love McDonald's breakfast sandwich steak breakfast sandwich	3
14960	Enjoy dropping off a friend to get something to eat	4
14961	Nice and clean and the employees are very welcoming	5
14962	Long line nasty attitude.no I will never go yhetd9 again	1
14963	Jus go 4 the drinks im 35 out grown the food	3
14964	The place it clean and they check your food before it gets to you	5
14965	Bad no customer service is terrible	2
14966	Hot food but long wait but worth it.	5
14967	"This location is friendly, fast and fresh!"	4
14968	Great service each time I visit    	5
14969	The only Mc Donald's I will ever come to	5
14970	Slow drive thru and food wasn't hot	2
14971	Very busy place. No soda was available when ordering.	2
14972	It is okay but I think they should t serving healthy food	3
14973	Service was fast and food was hot!	4
14974	50/50 when it comes to getting orders correct.q	3
14975	It Mcdonalds what more can I say !  I would not eat in. Just pick up and go home to eat.	3
14976	Very slow service and got the order incorrect	2
14977	Damm deer ran out and ed at me	5
14978	Fast hot food. My big mac was a little sloppy	3
14979	They are super slow around this time of day. Avoid!	1
14980	It's ok	3
14981	"Cold food, terrible workers, why are they still open?"	1
14982	Mobile ordered. Was pretty quick.	5
14983	Customers  service  sucks not enough  salad	1
14984	Quick service is always a big plus.	5
14985	"Aggeessive panhandlers in the parking lot, be aware of your surroundings."	2
14986	Enjoy the variety of food they offer.	4
14987	Takes too long to get your food.	3
14988	Fast service and good hot food at this McDonald's    	4
14989	The food wasn't fresh and over cooked	1
14990	Deals are great so why not go	4
14991	"Food was good and hot
I liked it"	5
14992	Food is fresh and the service is quick	5
14993	App never works here and the customer service is non existent.	1
14994	McDonald's is my swag yum yummy and a strawberry shake	5
14995	"The food is fresh, the cashiers are friendly"	4
14996	Fast service n good location	4
14997	Well run good fast food restaurant.	5
14998	It was not crowded and very Clean	4
14999	Exceptionally Pleasant prompt and professional	4
15000	Great	5
15001	The kids we're. Satisfied	5
15002	"Apple pies are horrible,go back to the old kind please."	1
15003	Slow but good service	5
15004	Great Food Great People Great Price	5
15005	"It is good, for convenient food on the go"	4
15006	Food is fresh very friendly	3
15007	We got some chicken sandwiches for our boys to eat	5
15008	Hot fresh n delicious.	5
15009	CLEAN  AWESOME  STAFF. FRESH FOOD	5
15010	Great ICE CREAM  CONES	5
15011	Good food price high	4
15012	This place needs a deep cleaning.	1
15013	"Food was hot, fresh and tasty."	5
15014	Really McDonald's is the place to go for you or the children.	4
15015	Great hot food	5
15016	Traditional food really really good.	5
15017	Always crowded. Could be cleaner.	2
15018	first time eating at a McDonald's.  how long have they been around.	4
15019	                     	3
15020	We went here to get some food for our boys	5
15021	Drive thru moved quickly	4
15022	Its okay. They tend to take long	3
15023	"Where are even your employees at???????
Why so little"	5
15024	Best tenders with spicy barbecue sauce!	4
15025	The drive thru was quick.	4
15026	Need better customer service..	1
15027	They run out of things too much lately.	3
15028	"It was ok, service a little slow"	3
15029	Crazy congested with crazy people just setting on tables	1
15030	Way to long a wait in line	2
15031	Its quick and easy on uber eats	4
15032	Fries on point everything else cooked in microwave	1
15033	Slow slow slow 1/2hr in the drive thru	1
15034	They forgot my chicken fingers damn	1
15035	AWSOME tropical drink	5
15036	I only get sweet tea	5
15037	I eat breakfast here almost every day.	4
15038	Classic Fast food restaurant!	5
15039	Close too early and then they where rude about it	3
15040	Very slow drive thru	3
15041	Service was slow fries was cold	2
15042	I don't eat there is I don't have to.	1
15043	Usually a line which is why I knocked off a .	4
15044	Nice service never to crowded	3
15045	Nice and clean and fast with the services	4
15046	It so nice and amazing	5
15047	$1 drinks quenches your thrist.	4
15048	"Cold burgers and fries,  and they forgot my bacon"	1
15049	Food also hot & fresh.	5
15050	Love the frozen cold brew	3
15051	Me when I real life	5
15052	Service was fast and efficient.	5
15053	Better than average McDonald's.	4
15054	Very friendly. What McDonald's should be	5
15055	coffee was weak and watered down.    	2
15056	What can I say. It's fast food.	1
15057	They serve all night	3
15058	Fast efficient for a quick meal	5
15059	Quick service for when u on the run	4
15060	Just love their oatmeal!!	4
15061	This location is very slow unfortunately	2
15062	Slowest service in Oak Park besides KFC	5
15063	Short wait and free refills on beverages.	4
15064	Cip when he real life	5
15065	Way to many beggars on the property	3
15066	Lines outrageously long with not enough help	1
15067	My order was never corrected	1
15068	My husband and I went to the boys something to eat	5
15069	ITS THE GREATEST NON BETTER.	5
15070	They were very  rude	1
15071	Very fast service	5
15072	I love the Carmel frapp	4
15073	Smoke house was not bad	4
15074	Always hot food	5
15075	Getting food took a little time	4
15076	"Just okay, nothing to brag about"	3
15077	"Drive thru was slow
..."	2
15078	Hot food excellent service	5
15079	Good food & fast service!!!	5
15080	Big Mac!!	5
15081	Good for a quick meal  . . .	4
15082	Just a normal mickie d run	3
15083	"Went to get fast food, got fast food"	4
15084	Food was hot & fresh	4
15085	Good customer service...! !	4
15086	Thru don't listen	1
15087	Fast and pleasant.	5
15088	Fast friendly service	5
15089	Fast service with hot meals	5
15090	It's just McDonald's same o thing	3
15091	Always good and hot	5
15092	Quick friendly service.	3
15093	Fast food? Compared to what?	2
15094	Clean nice staff	3
15095	Ice Coffee Very Good	5
15096	Love their service	5
15097	Never seems to fell me.	4
15098	Guy at the window needs to be fired!	1
15099	Great. Portia is the Best!	5
15100	Fast service ... fresh food	4
15101	"Easy access, boring choices."	3
15102	Something quick and fast to eat.	4
15103	Not fresh at all.	3
15104	        	5
15105	I love the fish sawishes	5
15106	This is the best McDonalds location	1
15107	Convenient fast food restaurant.	5
15108	Always Consistently Good	4
15109	It's MCD...nuff said	3
15110	Very Good Service	5
15111	Cold fries multiple times.	3
15112	Great	4
15113	Very nice service	5
15114	Good food	3
15115	Very slow with service	1
15116	Speedy at home delivery...	4
15117	Service was not great	3
15118	Fresh fries always!	5
15119	One cashier that over charge.	4
15120	There food is delicious	5
15121	Everything tastes the same	2
15122	Fast hot food nice worker's	5
15123	Same great taste	4
15124	Kids love the nuggets!	5
15125	Awesome chicken sandwich	5
15126	Poor customer service	2
15127	Don't like mcd	1
15128	Looooove those pancakes    	5
15129	Coffee was cold food was cold	2
15130	Good food	5
15131	"Horrible service, and management"	1
15132	Good to go in and out	5
15133	Hot food	5
15134	Love the caramel frappe	5
15135	Always a good buy	5
15136	Food was fresh.	4
15137	Good food	5
15138	Breakfast       	5
15139	Good menu	5
15140	Mcgriile very good	5
15141	The slowest McDonald's anywhere.	2
15142	The service was good	5
15143	"Fast service,  love it"	5
15144	Wasnt open on time	1
15145	Good service	4
15146	It's ok	2
15147	It was hot and fresh	5
15148	Not good	2
15149	I love McDonald's	5
15150	Great food	5
15151	Good sweet tea	4
15152	They take to long.	3
15153	Missing food and drinks    	1
15154	"Fast, and polite   "	5
15155	"Hot Food.
Quick Service."	5
15156	Love the big mac	5
15157	It was hot food	5
15158	food was good    	3
15159	"It's McDonald's, what do you expect."	3
15160	Service was slow	5
15161	Just not good	1
15162	The wait was horrible.	3
15163	Fast and tasty	4
15164	Nice	5
15165	No more sales!	1
15166	Its ok.	3
15167	Love the Food	5
15168	I agree with Omar ASSAAD	4
15169	Good	5
15170	Convenient food	3
15171	Mobile app is down	3
15172	I'm loving it	5
15173	It's okay	3
15174	Good!	4
15175	Fast and fresh	5
15176	Fresh as always	4
15177	Unprofessional stuff	1
15178	My son Love McDonald's	4
15179	The bomb	5
15180	Service was great!!!	5
15181	Simply the best	5
15182	Nice people	5
15183	Good service	4
15184	Always good	5
15185	Great service	4
15186	Meh...	3
15187	Love it	5
15188	Good enuff	4
15189	Love the fries	4
15190	Love it	5
15191	Love it	4
15192	Love it	5
15193	Smoothies are awesome	5
15194	Good service	3
15195	Cold fries...yuck	3
15196	Ice maker was working	5
15197	Fish was good	4
15198	Loving it	5
15199	No complaints	4
15200	Fast and accurate	3
15201	It's McDonald's. What do you want?	3
15202	Nice experience	4
15203	Great service!!!	4
15204	Good service	5
15205	Good service	5
15206	Fast	3
15207	Ok	3
15208	Quick and  convenient	5
15209	Deserts are good	5
15210	Great coffee	5
15211	Great coffee	3
15212	Fast and hot food.	4
15213	Hot and  fast	5
15214	Ok	3
15215	Ok	4
15216	Ok	3
15217	Ok	3
15218	Ok	3
15219	Not a good McDonald's	1
15220	Superb service!!!	5
15221	Ok	2
15222	Great Sundaes	5
15223	Ok	3
15224	Quick and fresh	5
15225	Lobby open	5
15226	Wonderful	5
15227	This is a horrible mcdMcDonal	1
15228	Fast  service	5
15229	Really slow	1
15230	Good	4
15231	Good people	4
15232	Horrible	1
15233	Nice	4
15234	Fast	5
15235	Good	4
15236	Good place	4
15237	It was great	5
15238	Delicious	5
15239	Great	5
15240	Good	4
15241	Great	5
15242	Great	5
15243	Great	5
15244	Friendly staff	5
15245	Just cheap meal	2
15246	Poor Service	1
15247	Quick	5
15248	Rewarding	5
15249	Nice people	5
15250	Good	5
15251	Horrible	1
15252	False advertising	1
15253	Have what I want	5
15254	Convenient location	4
15255	Nice place	3
15256	Slow in and out	3
15257	Had to wait	4
15258	Patient with me	5
15259	Nothing	2
15260	Friendly	3
15261	Slow as hell	1
15262	Dirty	2
15263	Coffee	4
15264	Busy	4
15265	Lousy service	2
15266	Okay	3
15267	Your kind of place	5
15268	Average	2
15269	Always	5
15270	Same as always	5
15271	Your Basic McDonald's!	4
15272	Something fast	4
15273	Excellent 	5
15274	A Welcoming  Place	4
15275	HASH BROWNS	5
15276	Sustenance...	3
15277	Mcflurry at McDonald's	5
15278	Dirty bathrooms	3
15279	Outstanding	5
15280	Fresh fries	5
15281	It's mcdonalds	4
15282	Alright          	2
15283	Its a Mcdonalds	4
15284	McDonald's is McDonald's	5
15285	It's McDonald's	4
15286	"The best place to go if you want delicious food, good service and speed, I'll be back for sure."	5
15287	"If you want something fast this is the place, fast food emergency only."	3
15288	I love McDonald's but in this one I have had the worst service of the century	1
15289	Because it is more practical fast food.	4
15290	Very good	5
15291	The service is good	3
15292	The staff is not very focused on their work.	1
15293	Hteay	4
15294	Excellent 	5
15295	Excellent 	5
15296	Good 	4
15297	Excellent 	5
15298	Excellent 	5
15299	Excellent 	5
15300	Terrible	1
15301	Excellent 	5
15302	Neutral	3
15303	Good 	4
15304	Poor 	2
15305	Neutral	3
15306	Good 	4
15307	Excellent 	5
15308	Excellent 	5
15309	Excellent 	5
15310	Neutral	3
15311	Excellent 	5
15312	Neutral	3
15313	Excellent 	5
15314	Good 	4
15315	Good 	4
15316	Neutral	3
15317	Neutral	3
15318	Fan service and courteous	3
15319	Good 	4
15320	Poor 	2
15321	Good 	4
15322	Excellent 	5
15323	Excellent 	5
15324	Good 	4
15325	Excellent 	5
15326	Good 	4
15327	Neutral	3
15328	Good 	4
15329	Good 	4
15330	Good 	4
15331	Good 	4
15332	Excellent 	5
15333	Excellent 	5
15334	Excellent 	5
15335	just fast food	3
15336	Excellent 	5
15337	Excellent 	5
15338	Excellent 	5
15339	Poor 	2
15340	Excellent 	5
15341	Excellent 	5
15342	Neutral	3
15343	Poor 	2
15344	Excellent 	5
15345	Good 	4
15346	Neutral	3
15347	Neutral	3
15348	Terrible	1
15349	Excellent 	5
15350	Excellent 	5
15351	Excellent 	5
15352	Neutral	3
15353	Good 	4
15354	Poor 	2
15355	Neutral	3
15356	Excellent 	5
15357	Good 	4
15358	Neutral	3
15359	Terrible	1
15360	Excellent 	5
15361	"We waited 20 minutes for our mobile order till we went up to a worker and told her we had a mobile order. She walked away without even saying anything and came right back out with our food which was probably just sitting aside the whole time. The fries are old I even took a picture to show. I understand dine in is closed but at least be consistent with your mobile orders and kindness goes a long way, she needs more training."	1
15362	"I repeated my order numerous time and he repeated. Get to the window and review the order and it was wrong. The employee was debating the order and ask to speak to a manager. And to my findings it was another employee that did the same debate. I ask numerous time if he was supervisor or manager and he said yes. False. Ask for corporate number and dumv found. Was asked to pull forward and they wound bring out my order. Four cars passed and I walked onto the store and a white female dressed in store uniform appeared after a wait period to give me the order. In the car, open order. Fries old and burger burnt. Just sad. The order was trashed."	1
15363	"10+ cars in line, no one taking orders, went to the first window and she said she couldn't take my order to go to the next, the next window had a huge attitude and got smart with me saying she can't take my order either and don't know why the first window told me that. So I asked where I should order and she said ""not here"" and when I asked her again she said to come in the lobby. So I drive around and tried but the doors were locked so I went back to the window again and she took my order, and then I get home to find the crispy chicken sandwich I ordered is just bread, pickles, and sauce. No chicken. Don't even want to waste my time going back. Last time I ordered it I got a spicy mcchicken which is also wrong. Learn the menu, care about your customers. I will not be returning to this location."	1
15364	"This is the best McDonald's I have been to in a long time!   I have 1 across the street from my apartment and I wish I could swap them out.  Service at THIS McDonald's is excellent and everyone that I interacted with was friendly and helpful.  The food actually looked like the advertising and tasted good.  I was so impressed that I asked for the manager so I could thank him and compliment his crew.  I truly believe that managers affect everything about their restaurant,  for  good or bad. Happy, respected employees who feel properly valued always reflect that in their interactions with customers and you could see that this manager was a leader of a team and not just the boss! Great McDonald's experience!"	5
15365	"I would usually not rave about McDonald's as we eat there multiple times a week, but the service at this location was head and shoulders above the norm. Elizabeth, the floor supervisor, was amazing. She customized our burgers and figure out the best combos to feed the family. She made sure we had everything we needed and introduced us to strawberry pie.  Highly recommend this location."	5
15366	"I order my food ahead of time online. Only to get there 25 minutes later and it's not even ready. The large fry I ordered was 3/4 of the way full, there was absolutely no ice in my drink, which was a lemonade and tea so it's not like it was cold like the sodas come out of the machine. and they were practically shoving me out the door when I asked for ketchup and salt. By far one of the worst customer service experiences I've had"	1
15367	Disgusting I felt a nasty Baby roach In my bag of food This is an outrage. And this place should be shut down. Try to get it resolved by manager. And just complete disbelief Of the manners this woman had.  Infested With roaches sick/// poor service  Disgusting establishment.	1
15368	"UPDATE 2021: This is a solid restaurant.                   My food has always been made to McDonald's standards. They have very busy times, which is in part due to their location on the highway in a restaurant area, but also because they are a solid restaurant.                   Their curbside service gives you an estimate of your wait, which is appreciated, and your food will be delivered by a friendly employee (an improvement from my previous experience). My only complaint is that it's obvious they make your curbside drink far earlier than your delivery, because they come to you partially melted (see the slush below).

2019:
They identified my "	4
15369	"There's a reason why there's mainly 5 and one  reviews for this McDonald's. I will say about 50% of the time it's good and then the other half is horrible. One time I went before breakfast ended. And place my order. Got to the first window to pay for the order and then when I got to the window to pick up my order they told me they couldn't do breakfast anymore. Another time I went inside around 7pm and despite the door being open and plenty of employees chatting and talking instead of working, they said they were drive-thru only currently. Another time the line wasn't that long but took a good 20 minutes to get through and when I got to the window to pick up my order they had more employees inside talking and chatting. There's been a few times some lady taking the order wasn't friendly and kept rushing orders by asking ""anything else?""  I will say though that the food has almost always been hot and correctly ordered, that is the only good thing about this location."	1
15370	"After decades of serving families, McDonald's is on their way out. I blame it on the district managers not doing their jobs. McDonald's needs individuals who can read, comprehend and speak English. Today I went there for lunch. I ordered #6 Filet-o-Fish sandwich meal. I ended up with 10 peice chicken nuggets. Hmmmm....I  guess the order taker did not know the menu item or understand when I said Filet-o-Fish sandwich. I quickly caught the error and told the cashier. She said, ""So you don't want it?"" Then, the manager came along to find out what the problem was. I  explained and received the sandwich. I left and when I  got home, I found out I  had a frosted breakfast pastry in a ,Filet-o-Fish box! Come on now McD's. May we get better service and expect a lot more from you? If not, please close your doors to save the public from the irritation."	1
15371	"This place is always awfully busy and slow. Not their fault                           

But we are very unsatisfied with the treatment received at the drive thru the other day. You don                           t call out your clientele for whatever reason especially not in such a blunt, rude fashion. If Ra"	1
15372	Drove up to lane 1 to place order. Waited to be acknowledged. 2 vehicles drove up to lane 2 while I continued to wait and placed their orders before me. I pulled ahead to the window never being acknowledged at drive thru speaker. When I pulled to the window I stated that I was never acknowledged and didn't get to place my order. I was told that I could not place an order at the window and to go back through the drive thru. I chose to go to another location. I submitted a formal complaint about their policy through their app. Be prepared for drive thru customer service inconsistency if you go to this location.	1
15373	Second time I've been to this location and the second time was even worse than the first. The fries were so soggy the box was getting flimsy from the excess oil. I couldn't even eat them. The cashier was complaining about having to refund me my milkshake (because apparently they didn't have milkshakes). My boyfriend ordered a chicken sandwich and the chicken was visibly burnt.	1
15374	My Mc.Nuggets where burnt after a 45 minute wait and i was told to wait in the speaker i recommend going to 1024 E Anderson Ln	1
15375	This was by far the worst experience I've had a McDonalds drive through.  There were only a few cars in line but I waited 30 minutes to get to the order station and another 15 to get to the window to pay and get my food.  I can't imagine what they were doing in there that it took so long.	1
15376	"Consistently the SLOOOWEST McDonalds I have ever seen. Also their prices are higher than all of the other McDonalds in Austin for some reason. To top it off, the food is usually cold and they have a hard time even understanding your order          "	1
15377	"What can I say, it's McDonalds.  The food is never cold or smashed. It's hit or miss on the type of employee you'll get at the drive through. They either ""don't want to be here and hate the fact that you're making them work"" or they ""smile and make you feel welcomed"". It's close to my office for a quick breakfast or lunch.

I'm editing my last post and changing my rating. I waited in the Drive-Thru for 10 minutes with no one coming on the line. The other line however three cars went through while I sat there. I pulled forward to place my order at the window and I was told that I had to drive back around. The level of unacceptable is insane.  I try to be understanding of fast food workers because I know they deal with ugly people but this takes the cake.  The day is Monday June 11th 2023 at 345pm. The morning crew is a good bunch of workers, however the afternoon crew has always been extremely slow."	1
15378	"Wow, this McDonald's Is the worst ran one that I've been to in Texas. Food is consistently delivered wrong. Your bag is going to always have a missing item. Can we go back in to get your missing items is such a hassle that you just keep on driving home without turning around because it's not going to be with your while"	1
15379	"We waited 25 min in the drive thru line to be told we had to come inside for our ""mobile drive thru"" order. The guy in the drive thru insisted we go inside to pick up the order. We parked in front I went inside and waited 8 mins to be asked what my order was. The cashier said she didn't have a order for my code I was giving her. She went over to the drive thru cashier and she told him he needs to process the mobile orders in the drive thru. It was causing a delay with several customers"	1
15380	"Terrible. Used to be okay. Come here all the time and have seen its decline. Horrible wait times, order mistakes, always out of lettuce, always out of drinks. Needs new management or more workers."	1
15381	Ordered an unsweetened tea. The person came out to the pickup area and told me they had none and did I want some other drink. I said yes and told her what I would like and it was never brought out to me. I ate what I ordered and they never brought it. I had to go to work so I just had to leave.	1
15382	Absolutely terrible experience! Walked in and ordered our food on the kiosk. After about 5 minutes an employee sticks her head out to say                            no ice cream                           . Three of our 4 items were ice cream products. My husband then asks if we could get a refund to which she 	1
15383	"The food temp was fine. The burger I picked was not good tasting. Nothing to do with the cooks. The place was dirty. My daughter's cup was leaking as it was broken and I had to get a new one even though they had given it to us with it filled and had to have known it was like that. Most of the workers were just standing around. Even though it was lunch time they could not take a 100.00 and there was not signs up. Thank goodness I had another form of payment.

Overall was just not the best McDonald's I have been at."	3
15384	If I can give this place ZERO s I would! I went through drive through and cashier informed me to wait on line 1. So I drove and parked while I was waiting a lot of vehicles passed through. There was an older lady with red hair giving out deliveries of food so I was wondering when my order was going to come out waiting there for 30minutes or Longer. So I walked inside asking for my order and come to find out that my order was given to someone else! So they had to put my order again through the system so I can get my food so again Now I had to wait for others to come out before mine because my order was last in line. Food wasn't warm once I got it and fries had salt when I ordered no salt. Never coming to this place again if your near by this location I recommend going to the McDonald's on 183 by Taco Bell.	1
15385	"horrible experience, just drive for 3 more min to the Anderson lane McDonalds!
I got there at 6:45am and opening time is listed as 5am. I was waiting at the drive through speaker for 10 minutes, NOBODY even said anything. I drive up to the order window and see another car that was there ever since I got here, parked, waiting for food for forever. The payment window was empty. I parked and decided to order inside but the door was locked, even though they were OPEN! the 2 employees inside were just standing there doing nothing, they saw me knock and purposefully completely ignored me.
Maybe they are understaffed but not an excuse to be so disrespectful to a knocking customer and NOT even put up some kind of sign or open the door to a knocking customer to let them know what                           s going on! There were other cars behind me that were just waiting for a 5am opening McDonalds to kindly t working after 7am?!
I drove "	1
15386	"Was told my order was being prepared. Waited for 20 min, then was told they didn                           t have my order. These people here are patheti"	1
15387	This McDonald                           s is by far the worse one I                           ve ever visited and I leave around the corner from it. McDonald                      	1
15388	This mcdonalds is trash. I've never waited longer than an hour at any place before. Got here at 10:40pm and it is now 11:49pm. There was only about 7 cars in front of me.	1
15389	"Understaffed, constantly inaccurate orders. Fries are almost always cold . Attitude given when corrections are brought to their attention. Dirty bathrooms ....."	2
15390	Went to ONLY purchase cookies.....!  The cookies were stuck together because they stacked them to reheat them. The middle of one cookie is solid as stone.....!!! What a waste of a favorite at this store. I won't be back. To the trash it went. Sad you pride your business off of freshness...NOT TONIGHT!!!! UPSET!!! I went out of my way to get these cookies!!! Today us August 4th 2019 and I gave them another try... Total FAIL AGAIN!!! THE CREW IN BLUE TOLD THAT THE FRESH FRIES I ASKED FOR WERE SUPPOSED TO BE SATURATED WITH GREASE...!!!!! IF SHE STOPS TAKING THE FRIES OUT OF THE FRYER BEFORE IT'S DUE TO END THE FRY PROCESS MAYBE THE WOULDN'T LOOK LIKE THET CAME FROM THE TRASH...SOGGY FRIES!!! I DIDN'T ASK FOR HASHBROWNS I WANTED FRENCH FRIED POTATOES....FRIES!!!! THANK YOU LADIES OF MCDONALDS THAT SERVED ME HORRIBLE FRIES!!!!!!!!	1
15391	The person taking my order Rushed me through my order. I I need to do was let her know if I needed drinks or not. She was so pushy we decided to get drinks somewhere else.	3
15392	Always given the wrong order. Literally always. I ordered a plain cheeseburger and got two spicy mcchickens. Seriously this location sucks. The iced coffee is terrible as well.	1
15393	Horrible service I went inside to get my food I waited 15 minutes just for them to take my order at the register. Once I placed my order here it is 20 minutes later still no food !!! I just asked for my money back ! Horrible	1
15394	I had to go thru the drive thru 2 times due to the chicken sandwich I ordered. It was old and sitting there. I got tired of getting this fixed. Nasty	1
15395	"I placed an order and chose curbside. The girl who brought my order was disturbingly rude. When she gave me my bag and drinks, I immediately said thank you. She just looked at me with a frown on her face and walked away. I called the number that was listed for this location, but it went to a customer complaint call center. The CSR asked if I got the girl                           s name and I said no, because she wasn                           t wearing a name tag but I gave a very detailed description. She told me she would send the complaint to that location. She also asked if I wanted the manager from that location, I said yes. I never received a call. I go  to the location on Research weekly and I have NEVER had this kind of experience, they                           re always professional, nice..overall just great customer service. Unfortunatelyd                          "	1
15396	This McDonald                           s is ghetto and slow . A bunch of high schoolers cussing and being unprofessional. Whoever	1
15397	"The worst McDonalds I've ever been to old refried fries dry chicken patties just over all bad ,they need to change the grease it's no way you dropping fresh fries and they still burnt and stale."	1
15398	"Multiple times they messed up my orders for my kids and said that they couldn                           t do anything about it. Happy meal ran out of toy and told me after I already paid and picked up the food, the child wants the toy, they said                            we                           re out                          "	1
15399	I enjoyed my deluxe spicy crispy chicken sandwich   	5
15400	"Worst McDonald's doesn't have any icecreams, coffees, coke available right now. Taking too much time drive through line not moving."	1
15401	Waited in drive thru for 15 minutes and had to switch lanes because lady was only taking one side at a time	1
15402	"This is the second time they do this. We are there by 10:27am and breakfast ends at 10:30 and when they ask us what they can help us with we answered with breakfast and they just cut us off and say to give them a minute, they come back around 10:31am and ask us again what we wanted and we told them we wanted breakfast and they say oh sorry we're not serving breakfast anymore we let them know we were there before 10:30 and they told us to wait and all they had to say was they weren't serving breakfast anymore."	1
15403	"Literally the worst management probably ever and the worst workers I know times are rough, but not sure what they                           re doing in their..and food takes forever to com"	1
15404	"This place used to be quick and good food quality, but it's the opposite now. Just avoid this location if you can."	2
15405	Their drive thru sucks! My fries were cold and when they remade them they still was not hot and the oil wasn                        	1
15406	"Worst place ever, never fully staffed, Libby closed during the day and super long wait in drive thru"	1
15407	We went through the drive through and asked for  shakes.  Was told they didn't have Vanilla so we asked for chocolate then they tell us the can't make them. So we asked for a sundae they tell us machine is broken. So get something else. We get up to the window and noticed they have two Mcflurries sitting there . So we complained an asked why they couldn't make them.  This person had no clue and did it anyway.  But his manager which was rude. Said there only doing them for doordash. She needs to learn some manners.	1
15408	"Fire these two employees. I Came in today (3--12-17) through the drive through and I have not so good hearing. I was able to capture their horrible attitude of the manager (picured in white) that claimed ""What?, I told you there is only breakfast"". Trying to make things easier, I asked if the inside was open and I was shouted with a ""yes"". I reversed and parked into one of the empty parking spots. Then me and my 4 other guests walked inside. Took a tremendous amount of time for either one of the employees (Both pictured) to come and assist us as they were just laughing and talking amongst themselves. I was first to order and I was treated with ""I told you there was only breakfast, whomever it was that went through drive through."" I was disgusted with the horrendous treatment I received by the manager (Pictured in white). I'm sorry you hate your job, but that is no way to treat a customer. I was very polite, even though I was very upset about the service. The manager (Pictured in white should be fired) was so rude and acted as if he hated his job. The other employee (Pictured) was very rude as well as she tossed our food into the bag and threw it onto the counter for us to pickup. I was very upset at the horrible service we received. I don't know if it had anything to do with our race, but I did not want to go that route. Corporate please, read this and fire these two employees as they are harming your business  HORRIBLE SERVICE! DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT RUDE AND HORRIBLE SERVICE."	1
15409	No dining in for over two years although the signage on the door still says they're open daily. The app for ordering straight up sucks and only works maybe 60% of the time. Parking lot continuously backed up and blocked from drive thru customers.	1
15410	Store always seems to operate drive thru only.  Main door lock. Through lunch hours. With management sitting in booth a front door	1
15411	Worst McDonald                           s                           . stopped to get a Mochiatto and the young lady yeah No hot coffee                           .  Asked for a shake? Yeah 	1
15412	I like the upgrades done to this McDonald's. No play place for kids but a few tables have huge tablets for kids to play with. Only issue was the temperature inside place was very warm at the time I visited (mid afternoon). Maybe issue has been fixed since then.	3
15413	Been living next to this McDonald                           s for almost 2 years. EVERYTIME I   	1
15414	"Drive thru only,  lobby always closed,  can't take two orders for one car, probably not coming back.    "	1
15415	Why is it that I order my food and had to wait on it for over 10 mins just for my food to still be cold this is ridiculous	1
15416	I've given it many chances but the drive thru takes so long and food is never fresh. I always get hard buns. Not visiting again.	1
15417	"This store has a lot of younger people working it. But they do a really great job, and are always polite!"	5
15418	Check your order.. if it's wrong you will have to go all the way around and waist 10 more minutes of your day	1
15419	Was locked during store hours was told to walk thru drive thru. Terrible place!!	1
15420	Always get my order wrong always rushing and not paying attention not going back to this location they just can       	1
15421	Unqualified employees to serve customers. Too busy goofing off or eating fries to tend to customer needs. Milkshake was so watery wasn                     	1
15422	Check your order before you drive away!	3
15423	They always Getting orders wrong more than 8 times.	1
15424	"We wanted to dine-in. Nope.

Drive in line was huge and took a long time.

First order of fries was cold, even with the crazy long line. Didn't make any sense to me.

They fixed the fry issue IMMEDIATELY and with kindness.

Here's the deal: the staff there HAD TO BE OVERWHELMED.

They better be making $25 an hour at least."	4
15425	"I asked for 5ausage McGriddles, #6 and some other items. I got 6 sausage and biscuits oh and my 4 hashbrowns was soaked is grease. 2nd time within weeks, there will not be a 3rd."	1
15426	"Fast service but please don't confuse them, they're on auto mode."	2
15427	After being disappointed with my experience with Dave and busters we stopped by this McDonald                           s. The line was a little long but I did no mind. It was worth the wait. They were very courteous and the food has always been 	4
15428	"I can't quit you!  LOL  Unlike other Mc D's these guys actually check your order and make sure you have a straw.  Because that REALLY matters, especially when you are on the road. Always pleasant and accurate, and FAST service here.  I love these guys."	5
15429	"If I could give zero s, I would, the employees are very rude .."	1
15430	Some new staff members working the drive thru need additional training. A few separate occasions recently have had issues getting the order right and choose argument instead of remedy.	1
15431	This location sucks every time I ordered here they messed up something and the workers were rude. But thank God I don't live in the are no more.	1
15432	I feel bad for them. No help long lines take forever. Tried them again I did not think it could get worse but...	3
15433	I ordered oatmeal and received a cup of cream. When I call the person who identified themself as the Manger hung up on me.	1
15434	"I love doing curbside pick up because I don't like talking to people and its less contact and usually online they have better deals. Well today I have decided I will never be doing that again, i ordered a coffee and a chicken biscuit on the app and went to my spot in one of the curbside pick up locations. After about 15 minutes of waiting i decided to call, a young gentlemen answered the phone and confirmed that they had my order and it would be out when its ready. I told them it has been almost 20 minutes and to please hurry, another 10 minutes went by and I had to go back to work, I left with-it my food and without my coffee which is really why I went there. Normally id just take the loss but I'm very sad I'm uncaffinated right now."	1
15435	This is hands-down without argument the worse McDonald's in America do not waste your time go somewhere else. Literally just a drive-thru is open and they still have to stop for 10 to 15 minutes to get there s*** back together numerous times have I been in the Drive-Thru and had to wait 30 minutes plus for these stupid MFrs to figure out how to do their job correctly!!! You just need to close down this location and let a fast food company that knows what they're doing take over it!! There is another McDonald's less than three minutes from this McDonald's I highly encourage you to go to that one	1
15436	Go to the McDonald's in Capital plaza because the one off of 290 always has still fries and their food just ain't good. TheyMac rib wasn't even warmed up all the way.. I'll never go to that McDonald's every in my life	1
15437	"Waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes just for no one to answer.

Update: gave them a second chance & yet again                                    "	1
15438	My Chicken McGriddle was definitely a delight to my tastebuds.	5
15439	I was in the first Lane drive-thru and there were more cars on the second lane drive-thru and they got their orders before I got my order placed and it was really bad the service! Finally I was able to go through the lane place my order but they did not have it ready when I got up to the window so I had to wait about 15-20 minutes in the parking lot for my order!	2
15440	"Something is wrong at this location.  Busy or slow, the food does not taste right.  The fries are limp and soaked in grease.   The burgers taste old.  Quality Control is not being done.  Going to give this location time to regroup."	1
15441	"The clerk @290E was the worst. Rather than an 'I'm here to help' aura, she had an 'I could care less/you're bothering me and I will spit in your food' attitude. That's scary! There's another McDonald's 10 minutes away and a Jack in the Box across the street. Thank God for options."	1
15442	I Come Here Often As It Is The Closest Location To Me. There Is Usually A Wait Here And The Staff Can Be Rude At Times. Food Comes Out Good 8/10 Times.	3
15443	If I could give this mcdonald's negative s I would there whole system is down they act like they don't know that. There is a line all the way on the streets. If your in a hurry to go anywhere don't come here around 3pm cause you would be late. Even inside kiosk is down all 4 of them just crazy. This makes 3 day in a row.	1
15444	Get regular mayo packets not light mayo packets and then you are a  and a half more.	3
15445	Pretty modern and clean McDonald's location with a nice outdoor seating area (when the weather is cooler). Workers are friendly enough and the food came out quick and as expected.	4
15446	"This was a mostly great experience. The drive thru is a bit slow but the food was fresh, hot and delicious! No reason to have 2peaker lines when the pay and pickup windows are slow."	4
15447	"They always take too long to take your order and when they do they ALWAYS give it wrong, one of the worst McDonald     "	1
15448	Horrible drive thru service at lunch time.	1
15449	One of the better ones around with nice employees	5
15450	Please if you don't want to work there.dont go.	1
15451	"Tried getting lunch while on break from work, didn't actually get anything since dinning in was closed."	2
15452	"No wonder they have a 3 . Hours aren't correct, people standing around inside doing nothing with 30 car line... McDonald isn't what it used to be."	1
15453	Was told I couldn                           t place a 	1
15454	The drive through was backed up it literally took about 15 mins before I got up to the speaker. After another 15 mins of sitting in line I finally got my food. My cup of tea had more ice than tea and my friends were extremely hard im not sure if they were sitting there and got dropped back in the grease or if they were just cooked way too long.	2
15455	"This location is horrible even the foreign manager guy. He got an attitude about issuing a refund for an item that they were out of and tried to refund me the wrong amount, when I told him it was the wrong amount he asked me for a receipt even though I had never left the window. He            "	1
15456	bad service and very dirty inside !!	1
15457	"Horrible drive through, takes 15 mins with no cars in the line"	1
15458	"This is by far the most unprofessional , location I have ever had the displeasure of visiting. The staff as a whole are lazy and not at all interested in customer or service. French fries taste like they were cooked hours before being served fountain drinks taste like bath water only slightly warmer. Hours are mis-posted on the entrance door and for serving product that is already cooked and just sitting under the heat lamp they are in a league of their own when it comes to the slowness of their service. I will gladly drive twenty miles out of my way to avoid this location in the future."	1
15459	"Sat in the drive-thru for close to 10 minutes waiting for my order to be taken. After asking twice if anyone was there and being told ""give me a minute"" I gave up and drove off."	1
15460	Very bad service. Rude cashier. Bunch of us were  neardy for some Army training so we were allowed  to go pick up food. Consensus ended up being this place and the cashier was rude and with an attitude like she didn't even want to be therre or that we were bothering her. It was at least an order for 30 personnel maybe more. Even one of my buddies was saying excuse to her 5 times and she ignored her and when she finally turned around with that  attitude again just for some sauce. Jeez. That streak of negative reviews explains a lot...didn                           t even bother ordering my own food just cau	1
15461	"This McDonalds is pretty hit or miss, mostly miss. I placed an online mobile order, showed up 5 minutes later, and the lady kept me waiting for minutes until she told me they didnt have my order. Didnt even try to accommodate me any other way, she simply just turned me away. Was pretty rude also. They apparently couldn't be bothered to service a PAYING customer."	1
15462	"Nicer now that it's been remodeled but I don't know why they got rid of the kid's play area. I dined in today and my food took a long time. The chicken in my salad was not good, had tough pieces. I ate half and threw the rest out. The manager was super nice with exchanging my son's toy though."	2
15463	When you order they don't tell you anything is out until after you pay get up to the 2nd window to receive your food.... Food is good though	3
15464	"My fries were so nasty and dark brown. The lady I spoke with swears that they were fresh. But I was so out done that she didn't even say ""bring them back and we'll correct the problem because our job is to satisfy the customer."" Or even take my name to replace it on my next visit. But she was very argumentative. Maybe next time it will be better."	1
15465	"I would like to say that I am highly disappointed that this is my 2nd time getting 2 Large sweet teas from this facility, only to arrive at work and find out they taste horrible. This is the convenient location on my way to work and the usual drive thru workers know my vehicle so they normally get it right but when there is someone different at the window, HOW HARD IS IT TO ENTER THE RIGHT ORDER IN THE SCREEN, LARGE SWEET TEAS!!!!! I shouldn't have to hold up the drive thru line to taste the teas each time they give them to me. Then they get an attitude when you ask for your receipt or a manager's name!!!! HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!"	1
15466	"Went through drive thru, ordered a quarter pounder meal with out cheese . Was told only had can drinks. Ok, asked for a diet soda, I was told that they only have can drinks and water. Ok, so I said water. Then after I got my receipt and proceeded to next window, I  looked at the receipt , and I was upcharged $.39 for the water. What the heck? So I asked the employee at the window, wht was I uocharged .39 cents for the water. She said "" I don't know, that's all we got"". I  understand that the soda machines are down, but to offer can drinks and water, but uocharge, and not told why, or an employee to make the effort to explain, or even care. Terrible customer service. Disappointed."	2
15467	"I get to the drive though at 11:15pm, I figure since theres not a big line it should not take long and will be back to work on time by 12am... It's currently 12:15am and I can neither go forward or back in the drive though to get out... Thanks for the write up McDs, I understand it's not like it used to be and fast food isn't 5min fast but with an hour I can sit at a restaurant and eat and have time remaining"	1
15468	This place really depends on who is working sometimes there on there A game other times you have to deal with the BS and get a manager. My worse experience here was handed a 20 bill to the cashier my total owed was just about 5 bucks they gave me two 5's back and said have a nice day I caught this on the fly by luck and said you still owe me a 5 and some change the cashier said no you gave me 15 dollars I said no they don't make a 15 dollar bill long story short had to have them count the whole register down with the manager there just to get my correct change back.	3
15469	This is one of the worst McD's around. I've only been there twice in maybe a year but both experiences were far less than stellar. For ters the smell coming thru the window was awful. On today's visit  apparently the person in front of me claimed my order and the cashier didn't handle it well. She kept yelling to the front that the lady paid for the wrong order ($3 less- like she didn't notice) and it took her about 5 min to straighten it all out. Skip this one and move on to the next one down the road.	2
15470	"Hated my experience going inside, the cashier was flustered and kept messing up, I paid for a large drink but she hands me a medium cup, they were out of ice on both drink fountains and when the manager was told she already knew.  Then someone said we're not out, they're both broken.  So where's the sign letting the customers know?  And out of all that my fries had no salt on them, now y'all know that's the best part of your trip to Mickey Dee's, eating the hot fries... smh!!!!"	1
15471	"As the mother of an employee who is encouraging her to maintain a level of financial responsibility while attending school. The level of treatment receive by African American vs Hispanic employess is very saddening! What I will not encourage is for her to accept mistreatment or bei g misused by any establishment on any level. She was refused breaks on more than one occasion and tonight was told to clock out after drinking water while being made to order runner and on fries.I would strongly recommend that Manager's be
However I am aware that there was also another manager there by the name of Irenetrained in what managing really intels. O called the store and the Manager refused her name not to mention my daughter doesn't even know her name This is unacceptable on all levels and it needs to be addressed. I will most certainly be reaching out to higher in command"	1
15472	It's hot and good and lots of Big Mac sauce                    	5
15473	"The lobby just opened up after having been remodeled for the past few months and it's so clean! Everything is looking and smelling great. The staff have gotten more accurate and faster. Highly recommend.
Edit: I forgot to mention they have those kiosks to order yourself which severely reduces waiting time. An employee was even willing to show me how to use the darn thing. I refused, of course.
Edit 2, 5/29/2019: Being the lover of caramel that I am, it should come as no surprise that I'm in love with the new-to-America stroopwafel McFlurry. Highly recommend giving that a try!"	5
15474	"They close the lobby earlier than what is posted, they got our order wrong 3 times. They make faces when we asked for the correct things. They made us pay for an order of fries that should have already been included in our order. It took us so long to get through that drive thru and the entire situation was a complete mess. Smh."	1
15475	"We are staying at the hotel next door. My husband checks online to make sure the restaurant and dining room are open. They are. He walks over and the doors are locked. Walks back to the hotel, takes his car through the drive through, sits for 10 minutes and receives no service although there were employees in the restaurant. He sees other cars trying to receive service but they are all being ignored. He comes back to the hotel and calls again, at least 6 times, each time it says the number is disconnected even though he had already confirmed they were open through the same number earlier. Finally someone answers the call, he asks if they are open and they said no, he asked them why they answered the phone and were in the restaurant at 1am if it is closed, they said because their job is just to answer the phone. Its clear that the employees wanted to get paid for working all night without serving any customers. My husband used to work in fast food, and I wanted to believe that the stereotypes of McDonalds employees being terrible people and workers to not be true, but this location makes the company look bad. McDonald's should fire the franchise owner, or shut this location down, because they clearly dont know how to hire dependable employees."	1
15476	"Even If you get there first in the drive thru (everyday, only a limited places to eat with my time), maybe 3 to 5 people behind you, order a simple #1 meal you get pushed to the pick up meal area with the same 3 to 5+ waiting for our food. Just and sometimes the people behind you get their food first and they ordered more than you! And by the time I get my food the fries are stale and super salty!
It seems like they are trying to out clear their drive thru numbers to show corporate they are clearing numbers."	1
15477	"The manager and or the Owner does not have business sense. Poor staffing for the late shift. I pulled up to order some french fries at 10:30 and was told it will be a 20 minute wait and to pull to the parking lot. I asked why and the person said ""I have to go to school in the morning"". He said the owner do the hiring and it is not his fault. 1. Bad choice of words. 2. They may need to not be a 24 hour McDonald's 3. Hire appropriate staff.
I was taken back be the unprofessionalism I was handed. And charged $2 for a small order of fries.  SMH. I am glad that my mood was good. However I do not feel sorry for reporting them to the BBB and giving a BAD rating. They need to do better or get better ownership because they McDonald's look bad."	1
15478	Everyone knows what they get at this McDonald's....but come on now.  1st being forced to order from the new kios(not to hard but its slow and takes forever). But numerous people came in after me and ordered from the front cashier and all of the 20 orders got there food before I did.  Normally I wouldn't post something like this.  But ive been to this McDonald's 5 times and this was my best experience yet.	1
15479	Longest Drive Through experience for a couplr dollar menu items. Loved pulling around the front and waiting while watching 3 more cars behind me get orders and go about their day.	1
15480	I've been to this location a few times and everytime I have been the food is always old and the fries taste like they have been sitting for hours. They are always out of sweet tea and coffee and it seems like nobody cares about the quality of food that is being served.	1
15481	Lobby is closed often for seemingly unknown reasons.	2
15482	The customer service is very very bad. I waited there for almost 25 minutes to be served. That's not the first time. I was there like that. So I walked out and I went to the drive-thru. I was in the drive through and out of the drive-thru probably in about 3 minutes. That is the worst manager I have ever seen	1
15483	"Do you want dysentery, cholera, or one of the ""Big-5""? Then eat here, otherwise you would be wise to avoid this McDonalds as if it were the plague. Immediately upon walking through the door I was stunned by an extremely offensive and pungent odor. It was so difficult to focus on much else due to the severity of the smell. This was not a smell of hamburgers or French fries, this was the smell of spilled milk that had soured and marred in the 100+ Texas heat for weeks. Truly, this smell is likely from the repeated spilling of soda at the drink stations that had either been overlooked or merely disregarded by careless employees. Beyond the smell, the sights were just as appalling. There were trays with discarded food and wrappers lining the tables as well as smashed food around the floor. Granted the trays are the result of lazy and inconsiderate people that believe they shouldn't be required to tend to their mess; the employee's should have direction from management to conduct a lobby check at set periods to ensure this doesn't result in customer  dissatisfaction. All this being said, I simply walked into the lobby to order a drink and I would have been on my merry way. I stood at the counter and waited for one of the cashiers to acknowledge that they were ready to take my order. I received numerous glances from, who I assumed was, the front of store worker. I was the only customer in line in the lobby, but understood that there was also a drive through at which customers were present. I waited a bit longer, received additional glances from previously said employees. Still, I was not asked for my order. I was doing nothing that would have given the appearance that I was unready to order. I was not on the phone, not fiddling with my wallet; I was standing quietly, intently looking at multiple employees that dismissed my presence. 4 employees present, 2 managers in the back and zero orders from me. This normally would not have been an issue, I would have waited a bit longer, but the lack of regard for cleanliness and the piercing stench that wafted throughout the lobby forced me to leave. I'm not likely to enter this facility nor purchase any product from this store after today. If the management and workers leave the front of the store in such a state, it forces me to wonder about the areas where customers cannot see. To all those that dare enter, 'ye be warned'."	1
15484	Ice cream was gritty and the fudge they put on my daughters sundae was runny and tasted a little like coffee. We trashed it before we left the parking lot. Better luck next time.	1
15485	"I ordered breakfast with no line and took 10 minutes to tell me they didn                           t have that breakfast item available. There were about 10 employees not really that busy. So I said ok to something equivalent in cash value. Then, they had an issue getting a mocha coffee out due to some poor understanding of the machine. So after fifteen minutes I left my food on the counter and walked away before I ted yelling at a manager. I don                           t like to do that but just reaffirms that this particular McDonald              "	1
15486	"Surprise up charges, then they blame you for it. I won't return to this location again."	1
15487	This is how they brought me my dipped cones after making me wait for 15 minutes pulled up from the window	1
15488	"The times have gone there they are always super backed up, I try to add something at the window I'm paying and they tell me to go around and go through a big line for a single item after waiting for like 30 mintues. Also when I ask for a frappe they tell me they are not selling them right now just because they don't want to deal with more people waiting. They need to get more people to work of they don't like to keep people waiting."	2
15489	"Awful location. Staff is very rude, food is almost always cold, and if you need to voice anything, you have to go thru the 10 to 15 min wait process all over again in their drive thru."	1
15490	"For this Franchise company to be, how do I put it nicely (in a low-income area) this McDonald was way overpriced, the owner speculated everyone receives unemployment??
Dear Owner
Note to yourself: NOT everyone receives unemployment, and we have jobs. Rethink your prices, and t paying your employees better.
Thank you
Denisia :)"	1
15491	"Wow... I mean...wow. Over 5 employees and they all need to work on their people skills. It's just so disappointing on how they attended us. Restrooms were a mess ( it wasn't even packed) and to top it off, one of the employees was eating fries out of the fry tray while preparing orders. I just don't know what else to say other than I will NEVER come back to this location."	1
15492	"Usually McDonald's allows you to pay w Credit card, grab your cup so you can satisfy your thrist if the staff is too busy.  This McDonald's I paid for a meal and went to grab my cup just I like I do 4 days a week and the staff woman yelled at me and accused me stealing despite the proof of payment  in hand... They were  Very ugly, mean and disrespectful."	1
15493	I placed my order on the mobile app this morning and I waited 10 minutes for my order to come out to the curbside and still nothing. I thought this way or ordering is suppose to be faster than waiting in the long line of the drive thru... I finally left since I was already late for work since they took long. I called to find out what was going on and no one will answer the phone.	1
15494	"I went through the drive through Friday Dec 23, 2016 at about 7:20 a.m. There was a young black female working the window where you pay, and I have to say she set the tone for my day. What a sweetheart, she was all smiles and just a joy for my first stranger encounter of the day. With the way things have been going in this country the last several months, she was a bright spot in an otherwise dreary daily grind, and I will not soon forget how she lifted my spirits all over a sausage burrito and a cup of coffee. She set the bar, good job."	5
15495	"Waited 10 minutes in front of the register.
They never Acknowledged our presence there..Employees and Manager we're just talking not doing anything.
Then the girl from the drive thru comes and takes our order...I ask who's the Manager on duty, she replies it's the guy in white shirt.
He happens to come to the counter and i told him his service here sucks..
He looks at me and says"" so what, I dont care""
This is coming from the Manager...
When you first walk into this McDonald's it stinks like dirty diapers.
This location always stinks and customer service is very Horrible.
This is the only location close to my work.
Manager and employees are there for a paycheck only...NOT customer service!!!
The Owners should do a surprise visit there.."	1
15496	The only thing open is the drive thru. I drive a large truck that will not fit in the drive thru and they will not answer the phone to place an order to pickup. So tried the app they want you to order from and after 20 minutes going through all the questions switching from screen to screen and placing my order then giving them my CC info it tells me that the location is closed I look over at the 15 or so cars going through the drive thru getting their food and decided I really didn't want their food anyways now or in the future	1
15497	This place might as well close at night with how long it takes 	1
15498	"I ordered 9 peoples food ,received only one pack,after immediately I called this location Walmart inside McDonald                           s spoke to one lady or manger I don                           t no who she ,she said want come pickup the food ,I said I can                           t come she said ok we can                           t give refund,she talking very rudely please don                           t c"	1
15499	"Slow and rude. The female who took my order had trouble understanding english as I repeatedly had to tell her that I didn't want a drink with my #2. Then it took 20 minutes to get to the window. I was already late for work and sped off after another 5 minutes. I called both the store and corporate to complain. Never got through to either. I'm not going back, to any McDonalds. Ever."	1
15500	"This McDonald's is very low on service . When i first walked there was a smell of something rooting or something else and it just smelled horrible. Everyone that walked i  would seem that . The soda station had trash on it, the tables weren't clean. I also had to wait an extra 10 min for my food but it was already ready but the people were just standing around not calling out my order.i had to go up to them and say is that my order and the guy said i don't know."	1
15501	"Sat at one of the drive thru station for 5 minutes without anyone asking for our order. Saw the other order station was taking orders. Went inside and couldn                           t get anyone                           s attention to ask about it maybe being broken, they have "	1
15502	"Drivethru was atleast 20 vehicles, went a lot faster than I thought. Was a disappointing to find out that they dont sell salads anymore at 290 and springdale area location."	4
15503	Service real slow.   It appears that the Manager and a staff showed the customer's there open dis agreement.  Staff was loud Managet was the same.  You take all disagreement to the back not on front.  Seems like a racial disagreement. Time: 2:30pm...Not Good on the manager part.	1
15504	"This Place is Horrible, The Manager JOSUE is absolutely the worst person you                           ll ever meet. The Employees are treated wrong and he always uses a scapegoat to deal with problems. I don                           t see why he became manager. Apart from that, the Place is filthy, the dr"	1
15505	"The kiosks suck. People can                           t figure out how to use them, so you have to wait. If you can get someone at the register, they act put out. I managed to skip the kiosk, and had to wait longer than the people that took forever figuring out the kiosks. Been here 10 minutes and s"	1
15506	"I can't tell you how much I have the new kiosk system of ordering. The employees couldn't care less if you have ordered or need to order, and that goes for the managers also. Everyone is only worried about what the lazy people in the drive-through are ordering. And to make matters worse, if you want to pay with cash, you get to order twice. What a stupid idea, why not just give me a place to do all the work myself like Fuddruckers."	2
15507	"I love how on their door they say the drive thru is open till 12am, however between 11:30pm-11:35pm I sat there waiting for someone to respond to me at the speakerbox. I didn't know they had closed their drive thru window early until a customer who was leaving let me know. But I'm not the type to critique without leaving advice so here's some for free.

This is like 300IQ so get ready. You get a piece of paper and write something to the effect of ""drive thru closed"" and tape it to the drive thru speakerbox. This will effectively let everyone except blind drivers know that no one in the store will be taking your order. For blind drivers (and other drivers) you can just use the speakerbox to let them know!"	1
15508	It                           s was all good until me and a couple of friends came into the lobby and a gentleman who looked to be Hispanic with dark hair and a dark beard was complaining to a manager about how he has already cleaned the lobby twice and doesn                           t wanna clean it a third time (assuming we were the problem)(not to mention other comments that were made about us coming in) and I thought that was very uncool. I get coming in late but this place is 24 	1
15509	"Online order, food wasn't fresh other than that I was ok with the food"	4
15510	Line moved ridiculously slow tonight and food wasn't hot.  Not always the case but that was my experience tonight.	2
15511	Came here at 10pm and this is how I got my meal   	1
15512	Dirty dining room. Beverage station needed to be wiped down.  Trash cans were overflowing.  Roaches. Floors needed cleaning. And no. They were not too busy to clean. We were their only customers other than the 1 car at the drive thru and we saw at least 6 employees.	2
15513	My food was overcooked. The lettuce they put on my hot & spicy was brown and it looked like it needed to thrown away. I waited almost twenty minutes for a six dollar meal. Their fountain drink machine needs to be fixed. The orange hi-c is just orange syrup and the sprite taste like carbonated water. I wont be going back there!	1
15514	"Went to this location this morning around 4:30am, tried to order at drive thru, was told I had to come in, once I went in, cash registers didn't work & they would only except cash which is not unusual because I've come to this location several times during the AM hours & they will only except cash seems like all the time but after I FINALLY got my order this morning was pissed to find that my hash brown was hard as a rock. WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS LOCATION EVER AGAIN."	1
15515	"This McDonald's is getting this rating not cause its McDonald's, but because time after time, it has been terribly poor service. I have had one experience where a manager told me that I was wrong. That clearly I ordered wrong. All I asked for was a double quarter pounder with cheese meal. They took down a quarter pounder with cheese meal because that's likely more common than what I ordered. And instead of admitting they may have messed up, she told me I was wrong and needed to just accept that. I have been told that they only carry 2 types of sauce for nuggets as well, which I believe isnt true. I believe they just didnt know the other ones and didnt want to find out. I have also had large fries consistently only filled about 3/4's of the way. Never once have I had a full large fries from there."	1
15516	"Breafast burritos tortillas are always hard and eggs are dried out when I go late in the morning.  So I ask for extra cheese. Cashier says they cannot do that because they are already made. I tell her make me 2 fresh ones. She says she has to ""go see""  Comes back and says no.  I order something elsr and aak for fries. It is only 10:15 and we cant make fries until 10:30.  I can get hash browns at 3:00 pm but cant get fries until after 10:30?? Makes no sense. I ask for manager. She says ""I am the manager""  Really? Then why did you have to go ask about the cheese?  Do you always ASK your emoyees if tthey can put cheese on sonething?  So now she not only gives bad service...but LIES to me about being manager!  I want call from OWNER"	1
15517	"Everytime I go here they seem to have an issue with charging for ranch. Today a told them at the speaker box twice I wanted a total of 3 ranch. Which honestly, I could use five or six. When I got to the second window I only found one. It was a manger serving me. I explained to her that I asked for a total of 3 ranches. She hands me 1 and proceeds to tell me I was not charged for it. Annoyed I grab the change and explained to her I ask for extra everytime and it ends up like this. At this point the manager quickly grabbed 2 more and rushed me off. I understand I was not charge, I am willing to pay the extra dollar or 2 for extra. Please dont be rude to me cause I like enough sauce for my nuggets."	1
15518	"The place sucked. The manager forced us to used the ""self order kiosk"" which I hate using. If I have to take my own order, give me an employee discount. Then a girl behind the counter told me their coffee machine was down then offered me a cup of regular coffee I'm place of the ""McCafe"" I ordered for $4. Then I ordered 2 apple pies and found cherry pies in the apple pie box. I was the told they only had 1 apple pie left. Instead of offering a refund, I was asked ""if"" I wanted one. I was given the incorrect amount back for my refund.  It was the worst ""Mcspirience"". I ever had."	1
15519	"Was told to wait on the side of the building which is typical when long lines form in the drive thru. These guys didn't have the courtesy to bring me my food. I had to wait outside in the heat for 15 minutes before I got fed up to go inside and have one of them say ""It's been ready"".  Worst customer service I've ever received at ANY McDonalds. Way to be terrible!"	1
15520	"Bad customer service, drive thru won                           t even listen to ya told them I had coupon on my phone said yes, and then charged me full price ? Inside is ghetto not very good hiring staff obviously, I was there when they had to call the police on one of the employees who was sitting there yelling slurs inside. This place sucks overall crappy food anyways eat somewhere healthier and classier with better customer service I suggest... a"	1
15521	It was a busy Sunday                                     t	4
15522	"They have a great deal on drinks and since I don't eat meat, the main reason I ever drive through is to get a drink and sometimes, an ice cream cone. This time, the ice cream machine was broken. It seems to happen with some frequency. I guess they serve lots of shakes and ice cream."	4
15523	"It was great I had a birthday party there for a sibling. The staff was really nice, they gave us some extra happy meals because they messed up our cake we are the great time we had cookies and had a bunch of fun I'd recommend coming here it was nice        "	4
15524	I guess my expectations should be low. Inside smelled like $#!T somehow. Management and staff were having loud personal conversations that included cuss words. Talking about how they were so ready to go home cant deal with this bs. Among other things. One manager was on her phone while tending to fries. Cashier was soft spoken and rude or clueless. Gnats flew around my food as I ate. I was given my ice by the cashier from a bucket behind the register. There were no ketchup or napkins out for self serve so when I asked for them they were thrown on my tray. It is McDongles after all.	1
15525	Every time I go to this McDonald                           s my order is always missing something. 	1
15526	"Went there Sunday night, shortly after dark, ordered 2 fish sandwich, Sprite, n 10 piece chicken nugget meal, the fish sandwich were the worst I've ever had the fish was Really small n over cook, and the nuggets were small n cold, n I swear the drive thru cashier was stoned I'm never going there again sorry guys I love Mc Donald"	1
15527	Nice place clean but got 2.. Always during lunch it gets packed and they have a way to order your food yourself now me being me I would help out bit when it's always asked in a rude way to order your meal back there I cannot accept. They need more help there obviously.. Sorry McDonalds but needs to change there tactics on time management and other stuff aside from that a gentleman behind me did not get to order because he didnt place his order by himself but neither did i.. No bueno.	2
15528	"I went at 6am and I understand not everyone is  a morning person, but geez...she kept cutting me off and was very short with me and I was in a great mood, but sadly her attitude got to me and ruined my morning. Disappointed with morning staff or at least this lady individually."	2
15529	this is the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced. I was at the drive-thru for at least 3 minutes and nobody ever responded on the intercom box and then when I pulled up to the window the lady said it was working that they just didn't take my order	1
15530	"Sign says lobby open till 11pm and the doors locked at 10 pm. Called to ask manager about descrency of hours of operation and was not satisfied with response from manager and when i asked for corporate or complaint number, she responded ""why did i need the number"".  Really?? For being new in this area, extremely dissappointed,  Terrible customer service, horrible quality and have had complications at this location 290 at tuscany austin tx."	1
15531	"The burgers are constantly underdone, but the manager is usually ok with exchanging them. Originally they would try to explain its a temp cook, and I had to tell them I can                 "	2
15532	"Terrible  customer service. Besides having to wait in line at the drive -thru for over 10 mins to get 1 coffee, was pathetic. Then it never fails the employee at the window that hands your food thru drive thru, never is even courteous or says a simple HELLO or Here', your food! I hate service like that. And it hasn't just been this one time, it's always that way."	1
15533	"I been looking forward to visiting a high tech Macdonald and to my surprised was the dirtiest Macdonalds I been in. Bathrooms were filthy and the main dinning area needs a thorough cleanup. Seen third world countries Macdonald and always been spotless.

I would not record this location, I mentioned it to an employee and she mumble as she walk away."	1
15534	"Talk about HORRIBLE SERVICE this is by far the worse place to try to go at any time of the day, you have nothing but RUDE EMPLOYEES. Definitely a lesson learned I have had quite a few BAD EXPERIENCES going to this mcdonals. NEVER AGAIN! I rather drive an extra 10-15 minutes and take my money and my business somewhere else.
(If I could give this review a 0 t I would)
I AM HIGHLY DISSATISFIED WITH THIS PLACE!"	1
15535	"Usually I don't have time to eat at McDonalds. So I take food to-go. This is not the first time that I order something and I get something. These people always miss something from the order and since its to-go, I can't even go back and tell them. It happened like 5-6th so far. Very poor service from this McD.

Hopefully they read this and do something about it."	1
15536	"Over cooked chicken, over salted fries, wrong drinks."	2
15537	"Unpleasantly warm inside (it's a warm day in December), the men's bathroom was disgusting. They couldn't sell me a hot fudge sundae because they were out of fudge. On the positive side, my hamburger met expectations."	2
15538	"The last person just said this place is outdated and mentioned that there are iPads on the tabe... For some reason that doesn't make sense to me. I just went there and ordered some food. The manager who took my order joked around with me making me laugh. That's always a plus. After I payed I decided that I wanted an ice cream cone. The manager dude that took my order just gave me the ice cream cone on the house! The food I ordered was delicious too. Thanks yall, I'll be back for sure now."	5
15539	Probably the worst McDondalds I have visited on a regular basis in my life. Rude employees that don't care and something is ALWAYS wrong with my order.  And for some reason the debit card reader is always down.	1
15540	"This location has gone downhill. It                           s saying 24 hours, but they always say it                           s closed. If you         "	1
15541	"Says they're open 24/7 but I've shown up 5 times in the past month past midnight and there was no one answering the drive thru. Dont eat here they will mess up your order as well, I have to go back to get my order right every 2/3 times"	1
15542	There was no one men the drive through i came back three times. I love McDonald's I have been going there since i was very young. I hope things change for the better at this location.	2
15543	"I wish I could give 0 s....my order was completely wrong, I had no eggs,  my biscuits were literally burnt, the coffee was disgusting and when you try to call the phone is off the hook and just goes busy when you call. They even repeated my order back to me and it was correct on the receipt, but I did not rcv what was listed"	1
15544	"This McDonalds is consistently out of coffee.  I have gone there several times in the morning and they are out.  Personally I have always liked McDonald's coffee, it is too bad this franchise cannot provide it."	1
15545	"Well where do I t 1 Lack of Supervision always good to see our youth learning to be in the work force but more playing and joking around than waiting on the customer.  2 most McDonald's fries are the Bomb not here there over Cooked along with everything else. 3 place always empty napkins,  straws, ice .4 place is Filthy unless you get there early in the morning.  Good Luck if you go there."	1
15546	The food is alright but the don                           t add all your when you order so yeah I had to 	4
15547	Sick of the long wait. Every single time I come here it's the same woman running the register. 10 minutes to order food. 10 minutes to get my food. Get a crew that actually works. Or get an ow we that actually values CUSTOMER SERVICE.	1
15548	Great female staff one of the older women gave me great service.	5
15549	The cashier with a unique name. she was awesome. Some of the nicest people I've ever met working at a McDonald's.  Definitely will make it my usual McDonald spots.	5
15550	I went through the Drive-Thur everyone was on there phones which is beyond discussing when you                           re dealing with food. Before I could even get t	1
15551	"If I could give it 0 s, I would. Place is dirty, staff are rude. I don't think this is a good place anymore. It took ten minutes to take my order and ten minutes for my food to come out. This isn't fast food! The vibe in the air is like we're in a Funeral Home. Never eat here!"	1
15552	"Drive thru is super slow, and curb side isn't available in the evenings. Buns can also be stale at times"	1
15553	"Went here a few days ago around 10pm to get some food. Guess what the person at the drive-thru told me?

""I'm sorry but we're out of burgers""

We truly are in endtimes folks. Brace yourselves."	1
15554	Slowest McDonalds I                           ve dealt with - 20 min for Big Mac 	1
15555	"Its McDonald's,  not sure what to expect. Take about the same when I get a crazing for soy burgers. I want to try that experiment my self where you set out food from there and see if it denigrating or stays looking the same. I'll find out one day..."	4
15556	"So no one answered. The guy who took my order was very rude, they had me waiting in the first window like about 15 minutes, I knocked at the window and no one would ever come out. Other 5 cars were behind me, waiting. VERY SLOW AND BAD SERVICE. If you              "	1
15557	"this is the worst place ever, i guess the qualification to work here is rude. every single person that works here is RUDE- the order is NEVER right, and again they are RUDE, like you choose to work here so why be rude be the best you can be at McDonalds. the inside is always dirty i will never eat here again"	1
15558	"Extremely slow service. Staff unorganized and rude. No gravy for mashed potatoes and they were old and cold, macaroni overcooked. Truly worst experience ever. Not worth the e tra effort made to drive there and wait for fresh chicken."	2
15559	Very slow service. People are not professionals and more inside talk than work. The management should look into the working staff. It took me 20 min although order was placed 15 min before I reached.	1
15560	"Showed up at 5 am and was sitting in the drive thru for about 5 minutes. Called the store and asked if the store was opened and was told either 5 or 5:30 they would open, and that she wasn                           t sure w"	1
15561	Not open 24hrs all lights are on and drive-thru is open. I was waiting for over 5 minutes then decided to pull up to the window. Employees are in there but not serving. Please change hours of operation and turn drive-thru lights off!!!	1
15562	Rolling eyes and aggressive teenagers at the drive thru when I visited at 8:15pm on 10/25	1
15563	"Employees loud and arguing with each young guy cussing, cashier asked a other employee if was special ed. Then told drive thur  girl learn english. Got my order wrong this and the past few time"	1
15564	"I'm not a big fan of mcdonalds at all but for the first time in forever, I came to a mcdonalds cause my friend wanted to get quick food. When I asked for some extra sauce, the manger was kinda rude about telling me how it cost extra. Then my friend orders 1 regular mcChicken sandwiche. The gave her a hot new spicy sandwich. 3 tries later, they keep giving us a spicy instead of regular. I am really disappointed as well as my friends were. This is why I don't come to mcdonalds."	1
15565	Worst mcd's I've been to. Come here twice and both times horrible experiences. Don't know if it's McDonald's standards to hire employees that don't know basic math or how to read. They have a screen and a receipt but they still mess up on how many meals the I order. I will never come back to this place ever again.	1
15566	"I've eaten McDonald's EVERYDAY for lunch for over 2 years (I know it's unhealthy, but that's not what were here for) and due to my employment, I've eaten at many MANY McDonald's all over Austin and surrounding cities and this location has by far the worst staff of any McDonald's in the greater Austin area"	1
15567	"Whenever we are near here late at night and want junk food we stop here, but both times they have forgotten one of our fries. It's annoying, but not enough to turn around for."	4
15568	This is not a good mcds to go to first I ordered big breakfast and they had no scrabble egg then I order a frappe and the machine doesn't work then I get to window and pay and they didn't have my order right had to wait not only waiting I get home. Em pancakes are all stuck together couldn't even put butter on then cuz they rip when you would take apart they gave me my platters all the food lop sided cause they didn't have big bags and then sausage was burned hard egg looks like it had been sitting there some of it looked green then I call them and no one answers the phone not right at all don't recommend it	1
15569	This location is not 24 hours. Went to the window around 11pm said they were closed and to order with the app. Of course they never have any of the frozen frozen drinks.	1
15570	"Service is slow, sometimes they run out of drinks or can't make frappes."	2
15571	They never get the orders right they never give you your receipt. I ordered a coffee and the sign said it was a dollar they told me it was no longer a sale but the sign was still there I had to pay like a dollar 79 for the sign to say a dollar coffee I thought they would honor it but they didn't the service is very slow.	1
15572	"1  because workers apparently don't know items on their menu, then give you attitude because they don't know it? I almost laughed at how unprofessional that was, felt like I was giving my order to a 8yr old. But no it was a full grown lady, ridiculous haha"	1
15573	"This McDonald's is like almost all others they not that good like most parents just went there because the kids wanted to play. The play place is outdated, its outside, dirty and hot. The food is like all McDonald's not that good but they do have two ipads on two tables with games           "	2
15574	"I ordered a filet-o-fish, which I order everytime I get s meal at McDonalds. The fish was WAY over cooked and greasy. It didn't even look like a piece of fish! The fries were almost burned ....not at all like McDonalds normally cooks them. I told them I was not eating fish that looked like that...and to give me something else. They gave me a Quarter Pounder and new fries (which were still over cooked). The Quarter Pounder was the worst I've ever eaten...very greasy! I will never visit this location again!"	1
15575	Park is very worn down with minimal area for kids. Bathrooms are messy and unkempt. However the food is still good and as expected just that it can be extremely dirty at points	2
15576	The workers were too busy standing and talking instead of coming to pick up the receipts from  the customers to pay for their meal. It was jus not right. Had to wait almost an hour for the food. It was very poor	2
15577	Waited in parking lot  for 15 minutes just for no one to answer. Shouldn           	1
15578	Been here 4eparate times at night and no one takes orders or even acts like they are open. It says 24 hours but after 1am they stop serving customers. This place sucks	1
15579	Had to give a  to do a review but this place right here is a mess. It really seems like they people working the drive thru like conflicts or drama which is some str8 bullshiii I tell ya. I don't like coming or going to this one especially if it's the one on Airport ugh	1
15580	"Service v good, employees at the griddle wear gloves, employees are neat,
Restroom needs to be more clean.
Clorox solution for cleaning have to go.
Slippery floor with that nasty clorox."	4
15581	Quick service as usual.	5
15582	"The lady that works on wensday,thursday and friday morning at 5 is very rude..Its like we r bothering her when we place a order through drivethru..."	1
15583	This was the saddest McDonald's. Everything was poor even the bathroom. Had no tissue. The manager said they were out. So this male maintenance guy gave me a big hand full of napkins and said sorry. Wow ..	1
15584	I was picking up a door dash order and the drive thru guy was eating fries with no gloves and no mask plus he gave me the order with out washing his hand that where oily from the fries he was eating feel sorry for the people eating at this location smh	1
15585	I was picking up UberEats from this store today...great team! They were fast and friendly. Thank you!	5
15586	Playground outside ! and big dining area	5
15587	One minute after closing. 1:01AM... Sorry bro I already turned off all the machines. COVID=NO MORE CUSTOMER SERVICE	1
15588	"I came with my family to enjoy a dinner.
People working at 7PM on 10-04-19 were discussing and talking very loud.
This is unacceptable."	1
15589	"Don                           t come here, it says 24 hours but it                           s not. I saw three cars in "	1
15590	"It's a McDonald's, not the cleanest one but not the grossest. Service inside the restaurant is terrible, they seem to only focus on the drive through, so don't go in.

Edit: service here is in constant decline, avoid at all costs."	1
15591	Fries were kind of cold and a little under cooked. Everything else was bomb.	4
15592	"I love this restaurant. This is one of my favorite places ever to grab some food. The service is high quality, kind employees and really fast. I love it."	5
15593	"This location always has a problem the staff is rude. They never have ice cream   or frappe's, hot chocolate and they take forever to give you your order and they also make it wrong and honestly why do you have to ask for ketchup if I get fries i want ketchup."	1
15594	"Great food, go by in the afternoon or evening though, the morning shift dislikes the manager and it shows. She's a good manager, the people seem to not like their job or..... something."	4
15595	"This McDonald's is NOT open 24 hours. Just went to the drive-thru and there were signs on the drive-thru speakers that said Close"".  This is not the first time this location has been closed when I have gone by to get something to eat.  So, not only were they closed for business, but the sign was misspelled. Very disappointed."	1
15596	"I come here late night bc Google says it                           s open 24hrs. Anytime I come here past midnight, no one answers"	1
15597	"Drive thru was open at 11:00 pm, but didn't get served. Voice on speaker rudely said ""we're closed"". Lots of cars weren't served."	1
15598	Very sad. Explained that the food was saturated with grease and employees were uncaring and unable to make it right or didn't care. A simple fix  was too much trouble	1
15599	Great cooks here. But this building is filthy . Gross. And the servers are always unhappy.  I have to drive out of my way to get a better experience for my money.	2
15600	Busy but prompt. Parked and give give me jelly or ketchup. But everything else was good.	4
15601	says it 24 hours people are there but never answer the window. this is not a 24 hours not sure when theybcose but I was here at 10:45 PM on a Tuesday and noone answered the drive thru and when I went around I saw people in there	1
15602	Patties were raw and uncooked took 20 minutes to get ahold of someone then get told to call back later. Threw the burger away and made ramen instead!	1
15603	It                           s McDonald                 	5
15604	"Fast service, accurate everytime, very clean and welcoming,  inside and out."	5
15605	"Would NOT break my $100 bill because my order was only $6.48 . . . i call it LAZY to satify the CUSTOMER !
They really need to have ""Pep talks"" in the mornings b4 they open & remind their stsff that ""THE CUSTOMRR IS ALWAYS RIGHT"" !!!"	1
15606	"Was looking at menu to see what I wanted, and was told in loud voice I cannot order there, use the kiosk.
I stated I was looking to see what I want then use kiosk.
I was then screamed at and told to go to the kiosk.
Nice customer service."	2
15607	"Food was good of course That's why i gave it a ,  but the restrooms and the restaurant was dirty!! Especially the playscape!! Full of stuck on and fresh bird poop                        "	1
15608	They took so long getting my uber order ready (two medium meals) that my uber driver ted having HIS lunch while waiting for my order.	1
15609	They have super slow service and only offer drive thru.	1
15610	Theyve changed management and the crew that works there now is super friendly and the restaurant cleanliness has improved drastically. I only give it 5 because it is McDonald's.	5
15611	Terrible. The service is always slow at this location. I go to McDonald's at least 3 times a week. Elgin manor austin. This location not so often and every time I go I remember why I don't go toooooo slow. Everytime!!!	1
15612	"Anyplace that makes you park when going thru drive thru always will deserve 1  in my opinion, if I wanted to wait in the parking lot I would of paid thru curbside more angry watching cars that ordered after me get their food first"	1
15613	Placed an order for pick up through the app. They were Rude didn't give me a receipt and walked off when I asked for one.	2
15614	"It says open 24hours online and on the sign they have, I was just there and no one answered when I pulled up on the drive thru. There was a lady inside when I pulled up to the window and she just ignored me and pretended she didn            "	1
15615	It would be best if the person taking my order could understand me that way they could actually give me what I ordered	1
15616	I ALWAYS have an issue with this location! And this time THEY OVERCHARGED ME! They didn't even have the LARGE CARAMEL MOCHA I ORDERED!!!	1
15617	Only ted coming to this McDs after the one on airport pissed me off. And hard to believe but this one is even worse. From customer service to cleanliness and also accuracy of orde.	2
15618	Verry rude would not take my order want back with my glasses use the computer tryed to pay for it an thay just made me wate no one take my money i left there with no food i called two times an thay would not let me talk too a supervisor	1
15619	Austin                           s best McDonald  	5
15620	"Always out of items,never have the special promoted items. Food is cold not a good location"	1
15621	This morning was the third time that I have tried to get breakfast at 5:25am. When you pull up they say they are closed. If this isn                    	1
15622	Your employee is hiding in the reaunt not responding to customers trying to order food at the drive through. This location says  dining and drive through are open 24/7.	1
15623	This place is not 24 hours. I                           ve been here 3 times at various hours and they	1
15624	"This McDonald's is okay in somewhat not words, but it never has ice cream. And looks like this McDonald's does nothing to this situation on it having or fixing the machine, I have come to this McDonald's for almost 2 years and there has never been ice cream, at least not when I am there"	1
15625	"They got half of our order wrong, there was attitude when requesting additional dipping sauce, and the tea tasted moldy. Very disappointing."	1
15626	Probably the worst McDondalds I have felt with on a consistent basis in my life. Management is rude employees don't care and something is ALWAYS wrong with my order.	1
15627	"Door states the location is 24 hours. 3 days this last month I get no answer on drive thru  window.  12am, 2am, 4am"	2
15628	"They upgraded the place and it nice here, but its hot, they need to turn on the ac. Workers here are helpful, said hi when i walked in, nice touch."	3
15629	Never go here!	1
15630	Love the fries and drinks	4
15631	Horrible service. Lady says she doesn't run registers and told me I need to order food on kiosks myself. Navigation for food was slow wasted more time than I should of. Dine in service was rude.	1
15632	The food was fresh. There are two employees that are rude Everytime. Maybe they are in the wrong field of employment	4
15633	This time the door was unlocked to the facility so that I could use it after paying for my purchase.	5
15634	This particular day service was very slow. Took eleven minutes to get my order and another customer asked for their money back.	2
15635	"Still bad, so sad. Frappe no good. Go somewhere else."	1
15636	"Frys where discusting, brown and hard and awful tasting, the hot and spices I got where good, but the frys where horrible, the line was long as well in the drive threw, I woudnt recommend this place."	2
15637	The worst Mac Donald                           s you can go to in Austin..They always messing up order it never fails and they lie so much about the items in 	1
15638	"Ewwww I'm here now, and there is rat poop everywhere! This is nasty and I can't believe this place is open. I would tell them how nasty but they don't speak much English and it took me 5 minutes just to acknowledge me at the counter---even tho there is only one other person here. Gross!!!!"	1
15639	Don't ever go here after 2am. They always have system issues. So you'll need cash and park somewhere until they eventually get to your order.	1
15640	Took forever in drive thru	3
15641	"I don't really eat here much, but i am a fan of their caramel frape       "	5
15642	"One of the nicer, cleaner McDonald's I've seen. Has a very nice outside area. Staff were friendly."	5
15643	They mess up my order alot and employee's act like its my fault. That and after midnight they don't want to take your credit card. Always claiming the system is down.	2
15644	Never a delay when I use the drive through. Cant wait until they are done with the remodeling of the play area	3
15645	1 hour wait drive through and the food is bad	1
15646	"Little pieces of chicken, instead of strips. Large drinks were not even close to being filled. The fries and sandwiches were perfect."	3
15647	"Worst. McDonald's. Ever. The management is bad (in the evening), they are slow as sloths, and orders are more often than not missing something or contain old food."	1
15648	Doesn't even deserve a whole . This location got my entire order wrong. Morning crew has very bad attitude. Would not recommend.	1
15649	"The price is fine but no matter what McDonald                           s I go to, I always hav"	3
15650	Great service	5
15651	"Poor service

Yall need to get better customer service and have everything up and working and yall need to sale everything even fries in the morning"	1
15652	Food was typical McDonalds. Had to wait several minutes while one lady ran around taking cars of a busy drive thru while the other workers were nowhere to be seen.	3
15653	Sidel had excellent customer service in drive thru. I was not expecting this at 7am at a McDonald's. Glad I stopped by.	5
15654	"Not professionally operated. Young staffers were too busy playing with each other, while customers were waiting for orders to be completed or taken."	1
15655	The drive through cashier dumb as the dickens. My order was wrong 3x so u be the judge. Good luck	2
15656	"Poor service, can't seem to get orders, right. Then want to catch an attitude when you ask them to correct their mistakes."	1
15657	Food is what you expect from McDonald's. Trashcan by playground door smells of dirty diapers or rotten milk the last few times I have been here. Android pay is hit or miss here.	3
15658	Horrible they messed up my order and acted like I was in the wrong and nobody talks to customer they just huddle together and talk about the customer right there and manager that look like Fiona off of shrek was rude giving my order back mad	1
15659	Fast and clean! Just like a fastfood machine!	5
15660	"Honestly, I feel so appreciated in this establishment. They gave me grape jelly when no else did, if I could rate this place 10/10 I would."	5
15661	"Right now i am waiting in drive through, the lady asking for orders is super rude and she thinks people are here for free food and giving tons of attitude, worst experience am having RIGHT NOW."	1
15662	They made us wait longer than expekted but the food was good	2
15663	Great customer service and always have your food made fresh when you order	5
15664	Came through drive thru at 11:30pm got no response.  Website and stickers on building stated that they were open 24 hours	1
15665	"Ehh, kind of slow and food usually doesn't taste that great."	2
15666	"Every time iv been here the place is really dirty and the employee's lack manners, today the cashier walked away in the middle of my order, which led to my order being incorrect,  the smell in here is really bad."	1
15667	Yes this was one of the least considerate places ive ever been. Not a very customer friendly place at.	1
15668	I have a question:Can I work here of 20 years old	3
15669	Food prepares were using cell phone and placed it on the same table where they prepare food and on the wrapping paper.	1
15670	"I mean, it's McDonald's.                        "	3
15671	McDonald                           s is not open 24hrs like the 	2
15672	Health inspector was there and there was no ice it was a mess and if you look underneath the soda machine there's a river or soda under there probably molding	1
15673	Horrible experience all I wanted was two dollars burgers and it took them almost 30 minutes to finally t on my order	1
15674	This chain should figure out it's drive-thru method it's so third world country old-fashioned they need to turn on the brain power and figure it out.	4
15675	Coffee cold ; waited 20 mins for Hot coffee! Mcmuffins edges Hard!!! Just NOT satisfied with overall!!!	1
15676	This is the WORST McDonalds EVER!!!!!!! Customer a Service here SUCKS. They argue with you. The customer is always right....but at this establishment the Employees are right. Run......Run......never eat here.	1
15677	Inconsistent in ther preparation of food and pricing.  Instead of charging for meat substitution I was charged like I was adding additional meat.	3
15678	"They took out the kids play area .They consonantly mess up on order ,customers service sucks ,their phone is always busy no one ever picks up.today my number 4 crispy chicken was not even cooked all the way ."	1
15679	Stopped in at the spare  of the moment to get 4 dozen chocolate chip cookies  and they were fresh and fast with my order! Thanks!	4
15680	The good taste is reel. Worth the try and the money too	5
15681	Really like the self service ordering kiosk. The restaurant is nicely remodeled.	5
15682	"This place let's my daughter eat whatever she wants after practice, they have good service"	3
15683	God bless the golden arches. Now if they'd get gluten free buns we'd be set set the rapture	5
15684	Employees are rude most of the time i dont know why...and they always argue with each other when i go in which is very often for the last couple of months and they are always slow	1
15685	Never gave me back my debit card and their phones dont work so i had to cancel it and order a new one	1
15686	Friendly quick service but forgets the condiments from time to time. Always check your bag before you leave!!	3
15687	If you want to get your order wrong this is the place.	1
15688	They don't give you enough time to order they put to much salt on the fried they are not friendly at all my grandson loves McDonald I go there for him the one on 35 really is awful you have to be told to pull up for decaffeinated coffee come on they give you the wrong.orders just to get rid of you	2
15689	"Not pleased. Service is poor, food was cold. Don't waste your money here."	1
15690	"This place is so not worth!!!!everytime I stop by here, the food is never fully cooked!! and they have bad customer service!"	1
15691	Food was not fresh and the prices have gone up!	2
15692	good	5
15693	Never get anything right. I generally go to a further MCD to get better service.	1
15694	Didnt give my drink in a timely manner and then forgot to bring the straws.	4
15695	Worst McDonald's I ever been I just left the crew working there is too young not helping each other they gave me my burgers first and we have to wait 5 minutes more for fries worst McDonald's ever	1
15696	"Some of the people that work here are super, super nice. The facilities are in really rough shape and the wifi is pretty awful."	3
15697	1140 and they said they were closed	1
15698	Terrible service. Took them forever to aknowledge me as I was the only one in line inside of the restaurant.	1
15699	Horrible service. Very rude and dismissive but that is what you can come to expect from the people they have working here.	1
15700	The exit from the parking lot has a huge sign that blocks the view of on coming traffic.	1
15701	"One of the worst in town. Stale buns, cold burger patties, never get my condiments right."	1
15702	McD's is always a good place to eat no matter what I get	4
15703	It                           s not open 24 h	1
15704	Great. Fast and now the have frozen cokes and fanta..yes	5
15705	"Food was good, they got my order right, service was friendly. Win!"	5
15706	"Really bad service and little but little sandwich almost 3 dollars
Same  sandwich cost maybe 1.50cents in a same store different location
Sad"	1
15707	They will tell you they are closed well before 1am	1
15708	"Very convenient, friendly staff, quick services."	5
15709	Gotta have my small coffee with sugar and cream and can't forget the fresh warm sausage biscuits	5
15710	The worst McDonald's I have ever been to. The workers dont seem happy to work there.	1
15711	Very usual McDonald's because you park your car at a station and your food is brought to you. Very nice staffa	4
15712	Everything is ok but alittle to much salt on the fries	4
15713	"I used to come by here fairly often, but it's gone downhill. The one on 183 by Walmart is better."	2
15714	We went to the drive thru today and they mest up all our order	2
15715	Our food was burnt for the second time	1
15716	This McDonald's sucks go in and order six meals to go and they forgot fries on all of them they are all meals	1
15717	Really good did not mess up my order	5
15718	My meal was handed to me before I could fill my drink and made perfectly?!  Keep it up !!	4
15719	Worst experience ever! ! Consistently!  Without fail........ Brutal? OK.... Go for it ! It's MacDonald's... How bad could it get ?????	1
15720	Went to order a shake at this location they said McDonald        	1
15721	They have messed up my order multiple times	2
15722	Everytime I go after 9 or 10. They always say they                 	1
15723	Great manager.the food came out quick.friendly.	5
15724	Last time I went women's bathroom was nasty as hell scared to sit on toliet with the toliet seat covers.	2
15725	Every time I come here. I'm disappointed. I've finally learned my lesson; never coming back.	1
15726	Don't recommend the drive thru.	1
15727	Acted like they where closed up date times or get better staff	1
15728	"Only  Had water bottles and coffee, no other drinks and they offered no type of discount and on top of that they were rude about it"	1
15729	Messed up my order payed for nuggets didnt get them	1
15730	Orders are wrong alot or food is not hot or sloppiness prepared	3
15731	Never can get ur order right	1
15732	Both lines were long but fast service!	5
15733	Trashy  drive  nasty drive through. Drove through that 2 weeks ago dead rat at drive-thru still there	1
15734	Ordered a hot n spicy sandwich and it was drenched in salad dressing.	1
15735	Service is very poor. Always have something wrong with my order. Zero s	1
15736	Clean but slow	3
15737	"Ordered bacon big mac, got a burger with no bacon. service was fast though..probably explains lack of bacon"	2
15738	Lady's look like they don't won't to be there also there's always stuff everywhere but the don't won't to hire people.	1
15739	Poor service & communication! I will never go back to this location!	1
15740	Not actually 24-hours. If you go late at night they                          	1
15741	Service was very slow took 30 minutes to get through the drive through	3
15742	Stop on weekends some time on the way to work but man is the drive thru so slow. Long wait time..	3
15743	Nasty service	1
15744	"Since this Mc Dls.is not corporation  ,they don't great costumers  don't even Hi or  thank you"	3
15745	"Fast and a guilty pleasure as always, especially that they serve Bfast all day"	5
15746	It was closed how would I know.	1
15747	I'm ting to think this food isn't very healthy.	1
15748	Drive Through. Did not give me ketchup for my fries.	2
15749	People were friendly but service today was unbelievably slow.	3
15750	Typical fast food	3
15751	Always attitude never get your order right can't stand that mcdonalds	1
15752	"My salad order was wrong, but the employees were friendly."	3
15753	Very fast and clean and courteous highly recommend.	5
15754	"No fun,  received wrong order and was made to wait for correction"	1
15755	3 times in a row at 10:25pm no coffe why is that?? Morning shift always has coffe	1
15756	"Horrible horrible service, extremely filthy place and not one individual could speak proper English..shame on you if you bring your kids or family here!"	1
15757	mcdonalds has the best fries n apple pie i abosoulutly love those things there ohh and i love there big macs	5
15758	"They aren't 24 hrs, don't speak English and has very rude employees."	1
15759	"I love the caramel frappe and
My baby her happy meal"	5
15760	Great jazz. Good food. Good coffee. Good company. Love the ambience.	5
15761	I'll never go to a McDonald's. I have not been to one since last year	1
15762	Nice staff. Food is normally fresh and hot.	4
15763	"It's Mcdonald's, go to In and Out burger or P. Terry's or the million of other better burger places here in Austin or anywhere."	1
15764	Not open when they are suppose to be 24 hrs very unhappy	1
15765	"Took absolutely forever, then they're card reader didnt work."	1
15766	"It's McDonald's!
*VISIT @Houseofbeautyaustin @Austin360Cam"	5
15767	"Man these guys are 24 hrs , I came here about 1 am and they said they where closed try someone else , sound like some kids running the show there."	1
15768	"Store is 24 hour, went in at 7:45pm and they were closing? Won't go there again..."	1
15769	Every time I go there I ask for apple pie instead they put cherry pie inside the apple pie container	1
15770	They don                          	1
15771	Faster than any other mc donalds really small inside	4
15772	This place is always out of Ice Cream. They also close at midnight when online it says open 24hrs.	1
15773	Horrible service can never my meal right!!!!!	1
15774	They never have  Fresh food or my food is missing.	1
15775	If this was last place on earth and I was hungry.  Then maybe I think about going there. Than maybe I would die before I ever go back this dump	1
15776	"Says is 24 hrs but there was nobody there at 3:10 am on July 19, 2019"	1
15777	"I don't know what to say Ronald, your car just went over the cliff. Food was terrible."	1
15778	Just ate here and it was awful.  Only reason they are in business is the name.	1
15779	Worst drive thr ever	1
15780	"It's okay, your typical McDonald's gets order right sometimes and wrong."	3
15781	"No one answered drive thru, the employees were on their phones...."	1
15782	Weird experience and not good weird.  I was told no dollar menu however there was one.	1
15783	Just rude & the food sucks very cold & not cooked	1
15784	is this mc open? i see its 24 hr but the drive way is always close when i go there	1
15785	Wouldn't let this Uber eats driver use their restroom	3
15786	"Not quick but fresh, hot, and friendly service!"	4
15787	Friendly staff! And quick with my large order! Thanks!!	5
15788	Seems like everything about our order was wrong. Ugh	1
15789	"Locked restrooms just for employees
What is they problems, they have to take costumers"	1
15790	"This is the slowest, most disorganized McDonald's I have ever eaten at. And I have eaten at McDonald's all over the western half of the US."	1
15791	Always clean and the workers are friendly most of the time.	4
15792	Good as any Mcdonalds.	4
15793	Good place for a quick lunch bar snack.	4
15794	This location sucks manager is very disrespectful employees don't know what there doing.	1
15795	Its a newer mc Donald's and i never have seen such a dirty place	1
15796	The manger was so very rude and service sticks	1
15797	Ever ever coming back here service so bad employes are rude and so are the managers	1
15798	Can barely taste the espresso in my frappe	2
15799	They never get your food right at this one. EVER.	1
15800	The staff was very nice and pleasant and cheerful it was on the one on 290	5
15801	"Shake machine ALWAYS DOWN after Lunch Rush, NEVER dinner time. EXCUSE, AFTER EXCUSE!"	2
15802	The service was excellent and the was HOT and Fresh.	5
15803	Orders wrong 100% of the time ive been there.	1
15804	"Friendly, always accurate order. Cursors offered."	5
15805	Young people do not care very much about customer service.	2
15806	Very fast and packaged great!	5
15807	"Good coffee, free WiFi, excellent non-fox TV news"	5
15808	Nasty food at a cheap price if you are hungry and almost broke.	1
15809	The customers services was slow and employees was rude dont go there	1
15810	Always the same in any state! Comfort for sure!	4
15811	They do not accept coupons from the McDonald's app.	2
15812	Service is awful need new management  post june 2018	1
15813	It says 24 hours but they were closed at 4:00am	1
15814	I hate the way you have to order on computer what ever  happened to the McDonald's	4
15815	Worst service ever.. Cash only at night.. Serve breakfast after midnight too..	1
15816	"The sweet tea in mcdonals is very delicius, this mcdonals is very clean"	5
15817	Everything was hotAF. Took forever. But good.	4
15818	"I can't believe that the ice dispensing machine IS STILL BROKEN !! ... kinda funny, actually"	1
15819	Yummy frozen Dr Pepper	5
15820	The staff here does not take orders well	1
15821	I can't believe you charge for BBQ sauce... No thank you...	3
15822	Its Mcdonlds what can i say i grew up with happy meals	3
15823	Horrible service they got my order wrong.	1
15824	"Was ok, they were out of McRib buns!"	4
15825	I like their new way inside.  Miss their playground tho	3
15826	Slow slow slow	2
15827	Lobby is not open as website says.	1
15828	Always dirty and really bad service all around	1
15829	They always mess up my order!	1
15830	Good to place eat. At convenient location.	4
15831	"Very rude manager, food was burnt AND cold!"	1
15832	Great food slow service	4
15833	Omg! I am waiting for 30 mins! Still no one signing	1
15834	Food doesn't taste the same line it used too	1
15835	Rebuilt location. Clean. Employees are adequate	3
15836	Very slow service	1
15837	"Not enough workers, fries old, food took to long."	2
15838	"Terrible costumer service, worst McDonald's ever."	1
15839	They do pretty good for late late night.	4
15840	The kids love be the Bigfries and The Check in nuggets	5
15841	"They're so predictable, they've got it down to a science!"	5
15842	Service takes a while but other that it's ok	3
15843	I eat here far too often	3
15844	Lousy employees...dirty inside with food on the floor and flies all around the condiments area	3
15845	Mac's lounge coffee and parfait.  Healing fun.	4
15846	Very friendly staff and food was good	4
15847	Pathetic and terrible experience...one cashier during lunch rush	1
15848	"Quick service , but more costly than McDonald in round rock"	3
15849	This place just recently had a arm robbery event so i will not be going back	2
15850	Great place to eat.	5
15851	Charge me 25 cent for a sauce and didn't give me	1
15852	Slow customer service. Only 1 person manning register.	1
15853	Very bad service.dont waste your time	1
15854	"Real bad,  bad service . Do not recomnend it at all"	1
15855	Fast friendly service.clean bathrooms	5
15856	This is a McDonald's.  It's a lot like other McDonald's.  No surprises here.	3
15857	"It's McDonald's. You can get mediocre food fast, but it is the quintessential fast food."	3
15858	Great service. Construction is going on right now.	5
15859	I can depend on a quality breakfast at 3 in the morning.	4
15860	Customer service in the evenings is extremely unprofessional.	1
15861	They aren           	2
15862	Bad customer service.	1
15863	I got a burger and when I was eating it I found that it had some plastic in it.	1
15864	Good service and a very clean lobby	4
15865	Best rest stop for me and energy drain for the grandkids.	5
15866	Always busy. Play area tables clean.	3
15867	Order was correct and value was good	5
15868	Great customer service	5
15869	Thanks Williams for making me hate McDon	1
15870	Very good experience for kids. It is also clean.	5
15871	Great service every time!	5
15872	Bad night shift service employees hiding from giving service	1
15873	They always forget to give me something!	1
15874	Its cool. The order was right.	4
15875	Clean and staff is so nice!	5
15876	No cashier's	2
15877	"Very tasty, but I over priced"	4
15878	Great and clean place nice staff	5
15879	Not sure if they know what they are doing	1
15880	Big Mac tastes as it did decades ago	3
15881	"This place not clean at all , needs to properly be clean."	1
15882	They are quick and good service	5
15883	Food was hot android good.	3
15884	Watch out lobby closed for remodeling right now	3
15885	The best and tastiest food in town.	5
15886	"Ok, when is lobby going to open?"	4
15887	"It's McDonald's.

Use the App.. Thank me later."	5
15888	Come on guys. You are on duty.	2
15889	Nice employees	5
15890	Fast service and recently renovated.	3
15891	McDonald's as usual service was great	5
15892	Can taste the new oil	5
15893	Quick service hot food	5
15894	Long line	1
15895	"No ice, long wait. Bad smell."	1
15896	Order was accurate and freshly made	5
15897	They can't get anything right	1
15898	Smell is out of this world! Gross	1
15899	Service was speedy and convenient.	4
15900	I was not at McDonald's two weeks ago	1
15901	Un orginzed food not good	1
15902	Consistent and exactly what you pay for	3
15903	Wait time is crazy long. And there rude.	1
15904	Could not go inside	1
15905	Screwed up my order to	1
15906	Basic McDonald's with basic products and overpriced offerings.	2
15907	Quick and great cup of coffee	4
15908	Always missing food in my bag	4
15909	Went to get breakfast for Mother and me.	5
15910	No ice cream.... yeah sure	1
15911	Meh... it's a McDonald's ok?	4
15912	Coffee sometimes is more water and milk.	2
15913	The place smalls bad and is dirty	1
15914	No jalape      	2
15915	Waiting 20 minutes dor ice cream	1
15916	It's Mickey D's lovin it	5
15917	Good enough.	4
15918	Excellent service and great customer service	5
15919	Quick drive thru	5
15920	"It stinks like the pinche dumpster,"	1
15921	You know exactly what to expect.	4
15922	Its fast convenient and its close by	5
15923	The manger was really helpful	5
15924	Disgusting filthy place with rude staff	1
15925	Service is getting better	3
15926	Fast service	5
15927	Change orange juice brand	1
15928	I like the food I make there	4
15929	Not too shabby anymore or shady.	3
15930	The worst McDonald's in Austin tx	1
15931	"Solid, 95% of the time.    "	4
15932	Use the app it's awesome!	4
15933	Food good	5
15934	Worst McDonald's in America..	1
15935	very unprofessional staff.	1
15936	The food was old and bad	1
15937	Hot food	5
15938	I      	5
15939	Great fast service	5
15940	Fast friendly accurate	5
15941	The service was great.	5
15942	"Fast,ish"	3
15943	Very helpful staff	4
15944	Good customer service	4
15945	Fast and good service	4
15946	So good	5
15947	Good food	5
15948	"Slow , food is nasty"	1
15949	Always good service	5
15950	Slow and always out of things	2
15951	Great fast service	5
15952	It ok.	3
15953	Gross McDonald's	1
15954	Fast food	5
15955	Great customer service	4
15956	Its McDonald's buff said.	4
15957	Very nice Management	5
15958	Good speedy service	5
15959	Great hot fries	5
15960	Kids had fun	4
15961	No free wifi	1
15962	Great place for kids	5
15963	worst service ever	1
15964	Fast at times too fast	3
15965	Very poor service	2
15966	Good deal.	4
15967	I love Mcdonalds	5
15968	Excellent	4
15969	Mc Don't go here	1
15970	Its ok	3
15971	Very bad service	1
15972	Just stopped in for lunch	3
15973	Same as	4
15974	Good    	5
15975	Not clean	2
15976	Great service	4
15977	"Dirty, slow I hate it"	1
15978	Fast service	5
15979	Low prices on food.	5
15980	Got to have     	5
15981	Food was good	5
15982	I'm loving it!	5
15983	Hot and ready	5
15984	Fresh hot nuggets	4
15985	Just like the breakfast	5
15986	Im lovin it	5
15987	The service is to slow	2
15988	Bad service	2
15989	Just go for the pankakes	3
15990	Good service	5
15991	Breakfast	3
15992	Consistent. :)	3
15993	Great food	5
15994	Service is horrible	1
15995	Nope not the one	2
15996	Place was poopoo	2
15997	Dirty	1
15998	Good service	5
15999	Favorite store	5
16000	Love the fries	4
16001	Good	1
16002	Oww	5
16003	Amazing as always	5
16004	Ok	1
16005	Service ok.	3
16006	            	3
16007	This place is awful	1
16008	Fresh	4
16009	Loved	5
16010	Great	5
16011	Good	5
16012	Nice and clean	4
16013	It was fast	4
16014	Mm mm good	5
16015	Taste good	5
16016	super	5
16017	Chicken tenders are    	5
16018	Thanks for being open	4
16019	Love	5
16020	Fast foooooodddd	3
16021	Trash ass food	1
16022	Good breakfast	4
16023	Love McDonald's	4
16024	Slow	2
16025	Sucks	1
16026	I loved it	4
16027	Food	4
16028	The foods okay	5
16029	fine bitches	5
16030	Its mcds..	2
16031	Long lines	3
16032	Standard McDonalds	4
16033	It's Macdonalds....	5
16034	Not much to it	3
16035	Terrible place	1
16036	Its McDonald's	4
16037	Grandkids stop	3
16038	Quick bite	3
16039	Its McDonald's	3
16040	Its McDonald's	3
16041	Its mcdonalds	4
16042	Fresh food	5
16043	I came here for a Uber eats order and their system was down and they wouldn                           t give me a Big Mac sauce for my customer for free because their system was down. It                	1
16044	"My opinion is very simple, I asked and a lady sent me to number 2. I was there for more than half an hour and when I wanted to enter the place they closed the door and I went through the window to remind Mrs. Ang                  lica, who was the one who told me if she wants to come in. and grab her coffee she was very rude and she closed the window for me but this place doesn't give a "	1
16045	"They don't have staff, the ice cream machine doesn't work. They don't have smoothies. Orders take a long time. Definitely very bad service"	1
16046	Horrible service                                      besides they are very unhygienic and take a long time to attend         	2
16047	This place is horrible I do not recommend it to anyone. I stopped by for a breakfast for my children and their friends. The bread was spoiled. They should be more careful with their inventory and when giving the food..	1
16048	Great place to take my kids	5
16049	"From my experience today, they have a bad job with the drivers who do Delivery, they take time to prepare the orders and when they are ready they forget to take them to the drivers, and with an APOLOGY they solve it, they should be more responsible, that is their work like ours is to make the Delivery on time"	1
16050	"Well, that's fine, but the machines don't have ice for soft drinks, it's the one inside the Alto Glory Walmart"	2
16051	Unprofessional attitude of the self-service attendant today 07/22 at 10:28 am.	1
16052	Very bad service they are not friendly and do not want to serve I DON'T LIKE	1
16053	They always lack something or they don't give you the right order	1
16054	Terrible service at night for more than 35 min. I wait for my order and they still give it to me incomplete	1
16055	I like the rewards of the app when I buy something	4
16056	"The worst McDonald's restaurant I've visited, they take a long time and apart from that, they don't even give a dressing, they say you have to buy them"	1
16057	"Slow to attend inside, they focus more on window service"	2
16058	"It's 4:42 am and it's closed, there's no one"	1
16059	Because I like coffee caramel frappe	5
16060	Very bad attention slow to serve	1
16061	Excellent Happy Meal	5
16062	They are not very friendly and they do not give everything well	1
16063	Regards Excellent place	5
16064	Good food and not many people	5
16065	Very good	4
16066	very bad service	1
16067	lousy place to eat	1
16068	"Well, I liked it very well"	5
16069	"I love breakfasts, biscuits"	5
16070	Excellent atention	5
16071	EA sports	5
16072	It's eight	3
16073	Delicious	5
16074	Alright.	3
16075	excellent	5
16076	Excellent service	5
16077	Terrible	1
16078	Good 	4
16079	Good 	4
16080	Good attention	4
16081	Excellent 	5
16082	Excellent 	5
16083	Neutral	3
16084	Neutral	3
16085	Sloppy off	1
16086	Terrible	1
16087	Excellent 	5
16088	Neutral	3
16089	Good 	4
16090	Good 	4
16091	Good 	4
16092	Good 	4
16093	Nice	5
16094	I love	4
16095	YessGARIL	5
16096	Excellent 	5
16097	Good 	4
16098	Good 	4
16099	Poor 	2
16100	Excellent 	5
16101	Good 	4
16102	Evil	1
16103	Terrible	1
16104	No ketchup??	3
16105	Good 	4
16106	Good 	4
16107	Excellent 	5
16108	Neutral	3
16109	Excellent 	5
16110	Excellent 	5
16111	Excellent 	5
16112	Neutral	3
16113	Neutral	3
16114	Terrible	1
16115	Good 	4
16116	Excellent 	5
16117	Excellent 	5
16118	Excellent 	5
16119	Excellent 	5
16120	Excellent 	5
16121	Good 	4
16122	Excellent 	5
16123	Good 	4
16124	Excellent 	5
16125	Neutral	3
16126	Excellent 	5
16127	Excellent 	5
16128	Terrible	1
16129	Neutral	3
16130	Excellent 	5
16131	Excellent 	5
16132	Neutral	3
16133	Good 	4
16134	Excellent 	5
16135	Excellent 	5
16136	Excellent 	5
16137	Poor 	2
16138	Poor 	2
16139	Excellent 	5
16140	Excellent 	5
16141	Good 	4
16142	Excellent 	5
16143	Good 	4
16144	Good 	4
16145	Neutral	3
16146	Good 	4
16147	Excellent 	5
16148	Excellent 	5
16149	Excellent 	5
16150	Excellent 	5
16151	Excellent 	5
16152	Poor 	2
16153	Terrible	1
16154	Neutral	3
16155	Neutral	3
16156	Poor 	2
16157	Neutral	3
16158	Excellent 	5
16159	Excellent 	5
16160	Good 	4
16161	Good 	4
16162	Good 	4
16163	Good 	4
16164	Neutral	3
16165	Excellent 	5
16166	Excellent 	5
16167	Excellent 	5
16168	Terrible	1
16169	Excellent 	5
16170	Excellent 	5
16171	Excellent 	5
16172	Neutral	3
16173	Good 	4
16174	Excellent 	5
16175	Excellent 	5
16176	Excellent 	5
16177	Good 	4
16178	Terrible	1
16179	Terrible	1
16180	Excellent 	5
16181	Good 	4
16182	Excellent 	5
16183	Neutral	3
16184	Good 	4
16185	Neutral	3
16186	Neutral	3
16187	Poor 	2
16188	Poor 	2
16189	Good 	4
16190	Terrible	1
16191	Excellent 	5
16192	Excellent 	5
16193	Good 	4
16194	Excellent 	5
16195	Excellent 	5
16196	Excellent 	5
16197	Neutral	3
16198	Excellent 	5
16199	Poor 	2
16200	Excellent 	5
16201	Good 	4
16202	Neutral	3
16203	Good 	4
16204	Excellent 	5
16205	Good 	4
16206	Good 	4
16207	Excellent 	5
16208	Excellent 	5
16209	Excellent 	5
16210	Excellent 	5
16211	Excellent 	5
16212	Good 	4
16213	Neutral	3
16214	Terrible	1
16215	Good 	4
16216	Excellent 	5
16217	Good 	4
16218	Excellent 	5
16219	Neutral	3
16220	Good 	4
16221	Excellent 	5
16222	Neutral	3
16223	Terrible	1
16224	Good 	4
16225	Good 	4
16226	"The staff messed up my order not once, but twice, and the food was barely edible."	1
16227	Terrible	1
16228	Neutral	3
16229	Poor 	2
16230	Neutral	3
16231	Excellent 	5
16232	Good 	4
16233	Excellent 	5
16234	Excellent 	5
16235	Excellent 	5
16236	Neutral	3
16237	Terrible	1
16238	Excellent 	5
16239	Good 	4
16240	Excellent 	5
16241	Excellent 	5
16242	Excellent 	5
16243	Terrible	1
16244	Excellent 	5
16245	Excellent 	5
16246	Neutral	3
16247	Neutral	3
16248	Excellent 	5
16249	Excellent 	5
16250	Neutral	3
16251	Good 	4
16252	Excellent 	5
16253	Poor 	2
16254	Poor 	2
16255	Excellent 	5
16256	Poor 	2
16257	Terrible	1
16258	Excellent 	5
16259	"The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills."	1
16260	Terrible	1
16261	Terrible	1
16262	Excellent 	5
16263	Poor 	2
16264	Neutral	3
16265	Terrible	1
16266	Neutral	3
16267	Good 	4
16268	Excellent 	5
16269	Excellent 	5
16270	Poor 	2
16271	"Looks like chicken nuggets bite piece served, change one is not complete cooked. I got terrible chicken nuggets never ever.
Atmosphere is bad needed more organized."	1
16272	Raw Chicken Nuggets served here! If you want Salmonella this is the place to be. They gave me a refund and kicked me out. I wrote down my number but they clearly wanted to do nothing about it.	1
16273	Avoid at all costs. Poorly designed driveway. Employees mess up order 5 out of 5 times. Sent back a kids plain ketchup and cheese burger 4 times because they kept  sending out everything but what we ordered: cheeseburger with ketchup only. We  held up driverhru line because of incompetence. Total clown show.  1:10pm	1
16274	"Went in for a quick breakfast with family but took longer than expected after ordering by self ordering screens. It's tough to drink McDonald's coffee after having tasted other good brands but the food was acceptable.
Few spaces for parking and limited space for dine in.
This place seems popular for early birds going to Universal Studios, it quite busy and thus the long wait."	3
16275	"Very clean, and nice staff! A bonus: One of the people helping me with my order was from Michigan too!! GO GREEN!! And the manager was very helpful. The security guard had hit wits about him."	5
16276	I always stop in to McDonald's to get a nice ice                                     coffee with 2 pumps of sugar free vanilla. You can't go 	5
16277	The worse McDonald in LA. Unprofessional stuff and very unknowable manager regards to health and food handling basics. After realizing that the person who was working at the fries station didn                           t used gloves at all and he was sticking his finger into each box he needed to fill and touched each fries in a way that is improper and already contaminated. I talk to the manager to ask why the person don                           t  wear gloves that it is requirement in the kitchen that produce prepa	1
16278	"Drive through takes forever, never any parking when you decide to go inside to place your order. Kiosks have been down last couple of visits and workers pay no attention to customers(even when they need to pay because of their broken kiosks not accepting payment!) I went inside for a soda and iced coffee and didn               "	1
16279	"Awesome Sevice, Fresh Breakfast Sandwiches, Thank You"	5
16280	Should have never got in the drive thru line no joke do. Not come here it                           s 11:06pm been in this drive thru for over 45 minutes sta	1
16281	"My order is WRONG every time; the most frustrating customer experience. I live near this new location and have visited 6 times since the remodel, and I've concluded that this location is a 120% mess. If all of my orders are wrong I can imagine thousands of others are driving off with incorrect purchases. I ask for no cheese every time, and guess what is in my order.. CHEESE. Or my frys are half full, or the hashbrowns are completely missing, no syrup/ utensils are in the bag as requested. On 3 occasions we were told to pull ahead and park on the side while they remake my order, an employee brings out an incorrect order.. yes 3 times. Today this ""New"" team member blatantly tells me to go in and take of it... what the hell? Every other time I let the incorrect order slide, but today I decided to speak with the store manager. I let her know politely about all of my incorrect orders, and she replies ""Sorry"", I then ask ""what is mcdonalds doing about this, its every time the order is wrong?"" She responds ""I'm so sorry""... I ask again and same response.  Meanwhile the woman next to me is asking about the replacement order that she put in ten minutes ago, they apologize to her and say they are going to reinput it.... this new location is a joke, its truly insane that a Mcdonalds is operating like this, and its been a few months since their brand new building opened."	1
16282	"They are going high tech. Unfortunately their equipment is giving problems so it takes a long time to order. Also, there is very little parking."	3
16283	As always great costumer service and excellent food quality. After paying close attention to the conveyor belt I see the food is made above the restaurant. I think that's pretty awesome. Great costumer service as always. The ladies working behind the counter are definitely doing a great job.	5
16284	"They forgot half of my order, when I called them back ( it was drive though) the girl that worked there gave me huge attitude, rolled her eyes on me and shut down the window , after new moments have me my bag with NOT CORRECT ORDER still. The most shocking thing was the attitude. Ruined our mood. Do not recommend! There are plenty McDonald restaurants in the area. Definitely avoiding this one.
Tip to owners : don        "	1
16285	"The white guy at the drive thru was good and friendly.  The reception was right.. But when I got my order, it was wrong.  I went inside to get corrected. The cashier and manager had some sort of rival  gang problem. Instead of walking away from the problems. They all ted fighting. It was horrible. I won't ever go back there."	1
16286	"The studio city location has the worst service of any restaurant I know of. Drive thru is marginally ok, but inside is chaos. There are people in the kitchen who occasionally come out to the counter to reluctantly help customers. No one is charge. It makes me wish we had a real McDonalds nearby. I left a cold order of fries on the counter because no one called out the order number. Never did get my hamburger. I'm giving them one  because the food is fine, if and when you get it."	1
16287	I stated at a near by hotel. This was the only thing around open late. Only the drive thru was open. The drive thru took 30 min. When it was my turn to order the cashier skip my lane and helped 3 car from the other lane first.	4
16288	"This McDonald's location welcomed you to experience the taste of the new world order; The Cashless Society and AI placing of meal orders with the 4 order screens. No big menu behind the one register so if you're elderly or suffer from Alzheimer's or just plain don't remember or know their menu like the palm of your hand.... Well Ronald don't care. But do have to say, the food was A Grade Made compared to other McDonald's where they cheat you out of ingredients and the full experience of a meal."	3
16289	How rude of the driver thus person that worked on 3/15/2023 around 7:50pm we were wanting to get some fries and chicken nuggets and some drinks and hoping to enjoy a amazing meal from this McDonald's but we lost our appetites due to the drive thu person using a loud rude unprofessional tone the worker seemed rushed and we didn't even get our sodas due to the person being so rude. Not ok.	1
16290	ORDERED A FILET O FISH                            KETCHUP ONLY                      	1
16291	"There's nothing special about a big Mac. I'm not sure about this location, but I've definitely paid $18 for a big mac meal. Better at better prices elsewhere."	4
16292	"Even after they remodeled with 2 drive-thru lanes, they are not equipped for it. It's super slow that you can order UberEATS and still get it faster. Worse McDonald's ever, and slowest ""fast"" food in ever."	1
16293	"This is one of the busiest McDonald                           s I                           ve seen. On the rare occasions when I come here for a coffee and hashbrown in the morning, this place is always packed full of hungry, antsy customers. The staff are incredibly patient and hardworking. McDonald                           s customers (myself included) are probably the most annoying customers in the restaurant industry, but"	5
16294	The fries were hot but barely had salt on it. I couldn't taste any flavor	4
16295	The girl taking our order was so incredibly nice! She was helpful and cheerful and really got our day off to a great t! The food was great and and it was done quickly!	4
16296	"Cashier on turn Apr-30-23 at 9:52a pretend didn't hear when when I asked twice please repeat the order, just told me go to the next window, of course the order was wrong"	2
16297	Always a long line and always slower to get you your order. I don                           t think I                           ve ever come here at any time of day and been able to work m	3
16298	"I                           m glad to see this location is finally open again. Everything in the drive thru was fast, smooth, and consistent with what I expect from a McDonald      "	5
16299	What a awesome staff that works here ALWAYS smiles and willing to take your order and get it right. Ketsia is just a sweetheart and very attentive to anything that is needed customer service is out of this world.Conrad is wonderful and he has a pleasure to talk to always.	5
16300	The guys in the drive thru were so nice!  Love the deals too! BOGO!	5
16301	I bit into the burger and the meat tasted funny and mushy so I cut it in half and it looked like this.	1
16302	"Can't believe this place is brand new and the parking lot is as horrible as it is. This is the worst design I've ever seen. If there are people in the Drive-Thru everyone in the parking lot is trapped in the parking lot.... no menus, no front of store employees and when you do show at the counter, it's like the employees are scared to leave the kitchen like they have high anxiety of actually facing someone or something. You can stand there at the counter forever and no one will ever come"	1
16303	Food is always fresh. My son loves when we head over after school for a little lunch.	5
16304	"After sitting in the drive thru for an hour, spending almost $50, asking for sauces and getting on the highway we discovered 3 missing large fries and no sauces. We returned and received 3 cold fries with absolutely no salt on them. Others were also complaining of incomplete orders as well."	1
16305	"In contrast to the many radical reviews, this location was slick, modern, new, & clean. Small downstairs because the kitchen is upstairs. At 4:00 p.m. there were about 3 to 4 times more cars lined up to get to the drive-thru than there were people inside. My food was fine nothing too positive or negative.
This IS a McDonald's- not your family BBQ."	4
16306	"This is one of the best McDonalds I have been to. They were closed for several months due to construction. The great food and service has made up for the time when they were not operational. The food is always hot and the Buns so far have been fresh and soft. The best thing about McDonald's are the FRIES!!!!  Their fries are always fresh, hot, and delicious. The best part is they stand straight up in the box just as they do on the commercials and pictures. I don't mind waiting in the sometimes long drive-thru line for fresh food. Thank you for having pride in the food you serve."	5
16307	"Very disappointing after they rebuilt the whole building.  It is supposed to be the most modern of Equipment and yet it was the slowest experience I have ever had at a McDonald's, and only for two egg McMuffins.  Then, the English muffin was burnt on both sandwiches.  The staff definitely did not want to be there.  It is my closest McDonald's but I will definitely be driving the longer distance next time.  Just avoid this spot no matter what."	1
16308	It took to long to get to the order screen at the drive thru. I don't get why it takes longer at night when it's not as busy than in the day. Its not just st this McDonald's but at all of them.	3
16309	"It's a newly renovated McDonald's, has a very skinny drive thru, so be cautious. It's advertised as 24 hours, but isn't always open 24. Have gotten food here several times since reopening. Every time food has been hot and tasted fresh. Customer service was surprisingly good. Will up date in the future. Trying to eat healthier...you should as well. Fa$t food $hould never be a daily thing. Warning   "	4
16310	"It took 1 plus hours to get thru the drive thru.  The drive thru is such that once in line you cannot get out. No one apologised for the abnormal wait time. When I got my food, the fries where cold and the taste old. I usually to not complain about a restaurant but 1 plus hours in a drive thru line is ludicrous. Especially for a fast food establishment."	1
16311	"This place has ZERO customer service. From no one being at the front counter to long waits to get food, to getting your order wrong then getting cold food when they ""remake"" your order. This is one McDonald's you'll want to avoid going to."	1
16312	"I ordered from McDonald's and I did not receive my Sausage Egg McMuffin.
The previous times that I have ordered from this location..they have messed up my order."	1
16313	"Had to order at the kiosk. Good was fast and freshly made, great for a quick meal on the go. The interior of the place was very sterile. No menus above the counter. This location was just remodeled too, not liking it at all."	4
16314	Rebuilt McDonald's on a lot that is way too small. 2 lane drive thru weaves through the small parking lot making it impossible to get out if you parked and ate inside.	1
16315	"Inconvenient parking lot, horrible place to put a McDonald's,  staff was not very friendly or helpful, overall just a so-so experience for the standard McDonald's food."	3
16316	"The drive-thru line takes forever because 1 person does both sides!  But the food is OK, except they always forget the juice box in the happy meal."	3
16317	I can always close my eyes and count on the flavor being the same decade after decade	5
16318	Literally the worst they literally never have working registers crazy wait times tonight they didn                           t have food?? They said they wouldn                           t have any food for another hr.. I work night shifts in the Area and they  	1
16319	Nice place very friendly. Needs to be a little more quicker. Its very small despite the tall building it was not busy either so the service shouldn't have taken so long	5
16320	Don                           t go. There                           s another one up the street. This is the worst McDonald                           s to ever exist. It                           s actually not even a real McDonald                           s. I think the franchise owner is doing their own thing here. the food 	1
16321	Super Long line drive trough night time this place sucks what a mistake if you have. 45 minutes to spare this is your place	1
16322	"The new location is attractive.
The staff member taking the orders was great, but the person putting our order together gave us the wrong items.
We paid for an upsize and got a lesser-priced size.

Mcdonald's french fries are outstanding; the rest of what they offer is oftentimes questionable."	1
16323	Don                           t go !  Usually  meals have been sitting around getting cold and stale before being served in drive through.  I even asked server to please get me fresh fries since mine were cold and her response was           	1
16324	Never again will I order from here. 2 times ordered mistakes were made. Both were using the app so was apps fault but because they were short staff they could not find time to help and fix my order. Waited 20 minutes to leave with nothing and not even sure my order was canceled.	1
16325	Great food and service! Cleanest most organized McDonalds I have ever been in!!	5
16326	We have given this newly remodeled McDonalds a few chances. The only difference is they now can jam more cars in their drive thru. They will still make you pull up and wait for your order and forget that you're waiting. Same problem as before. Having this happen multiple times seems ridiculous and we don't even frequent this place. Location is convenient but not worth it.	1
16327	"The rest room was clean, I was craving French fries plus chicken nuggets and I got them, they were nice and crisp"	5
16328	"My experience was ok. They forgot little things in my order, like a straw for iced tea, and cream and sugar that i requested.  The wifi is not available like they stated, when searching for wifi there is no ""mcdonals wifi"" instead it was a wired name like EBOS. The connection did not allow for simple web browsing.  For a Mcdonalds thats near universal studios. This place is ok."	2
16329	Worst place ever. We had to ask to clean the table because it                           s was filthy. Then they never served our order we waited for 30 min and it results that my order was cancelled because breakfast time was over and no one i	1
16330	"Best customer service we've ever had at a McDonald's and close to, if not the best, service we've had at any restaurant period. Clean, well managed, and unexpectedly a very nice experience with our family of 5 little kids. Thanks for exceptional service!"	5
16331	Mc Food. What do you want? This location works well with the app. They have the best app in quick service	3
16332	ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. I get it                           s only food but it                           s fast food. We waited over thirty minutes for our food and should be called slow food. We waited at the drive thru first and no one was taking orders then we went inside and had to order on the kiosk because they told us too. Why h	1
16333	Unfortunately almost everyone that works at the Lankershim and Riverside location are so unprofessional.	1
16334	I had a miserable experience with this drive thru. Waited 15mins to be told they don't have the McRib or ice cream available. The wait times are ridiculously long. Go anywhere else but this location.	1
16335	Lines are SOOO long and extremely slow everytime I come here. I don                           t know why the staff is so i	2
16336	"Since reopening this location suck big time! Cannot get anything in time, the manager here is very poorly performing, no people to take orders, clean up or just run this place like a restaurant."	1
16337	"The counter girl was very friendly and helpful! I want to use my app and the girl helped me out. I did have to wait almost 10 minutes to get someone to take my order.
Thank you!"	5
16338	"They need to change the time that they open ,because the door state                           s that they open at 6:00 am but when ask employees what time they will be opening they stated that they don                   "	1
16339	"Um, so this is not a 24/7 McDonald                           s            "	1
16340	"This McDonald's is one of the best. The food is always prepared well. I hate waiting in line, but I never have to worry about that here. Yes there are lines but the staff is fast and proficient and I always ask for my meals to be made fresh, although it isn't always necessary. Because of their popularity it always fresh and hot. A good place to stop or pickup a good and hot, fast meal."	5
16341	Not truly 24 hours. Have been multiple times between the hours of 12am-4am and have been denied service either due to not serving food or not processing payments. Daytime operation is fine.	3
16342	Claims to be 24 hours but it                           s constantly closed. I go for McFlurries so i                     	1
16343	I was on drive thru so it was all good	5
16344	"Avoid this drive thru, youll be stuck for 30 mins. My last 3 visits the wait times were off the charts. I give up, off to a different location."	1
16345	"A bit of a long line in the drive thru, but the workers where moving the lines along. They friendly at the windows."	4
16346	"My friend and I ate here together, and we both deem this to be the best McDonald's that we have ever been to. Twice the manager came around to us to make sure that everything was going well. That's a first for me at a McDonald's."	5
16347	I had a #BigMacAttack glad the sandwich was nearby this hour.	5
16348	"Hot fries and standard fare. Can get very, very busy in weekend nights at the drive through."	4
16349	"Whenever you buy at this location always check your order,  seems that every so often order is missing something.   With the long lines and once I leave the area I don't like to drive back."	3
16350	They get my order wrong every single time. It's kind of amazing actually.	1
16351	"Clean premises. Professional service. Delicious food. When it's less busy, they'll come up to your table to check on your experience."	5
16352	"High volume drive thru, with heavy wait time. This McDonald's can't handle amount of people that here. If you want to wait a long time for the meal. Then you came to the right palce"	2
16353	I want to return to this McDonald's some day when the pandemic ends. The lobby looks cozy to dine in.	4
16354	First time back since it was remodeled. The girl in the drive thru was great. Very friendly and personable.	5
16355	"They always seem to forget something
in my delivery order,  napkins, straws, a whole order of fries. Pay attention , people. Okay this time you forgot a whole hamburger.  I ordered a Big Mac , it's on the delivery receipt , but it's nowhere to be found.  Furthermore, you sent a cookie that I didn't ask for in this order. What's that a consolation prize for losing the Big Mac."	1
16356	24 hrs. Isn't that enough? Hot coffee? Comfort food.	4
16357	Worst drive thru set up I ever experienced. No way out unless you go into the drive thru line and wait.	1
16358	"It amazing how many items you can get wrong in one order. Fries were double salted yet undercooked. Soda wasn't what I asked for. Really just bad service from the drive thru, on multiple occasions.  This location does not properly represent the McDonald's brand."	1
16359	"Paid a visit to see the unique architecture. Inside was small but very clean. They accepted my coupon and my order was brought to my table quickly. No complaints with my food, but it seemed like someone was having trouble with an Uber Eats order.

My cashier was scolded by the manger for being too cold or rude to some co-workers; he kept repeating                            treat everyone like an equal    "	5
16360	"I                           ve already written a review for this place and haven                           t been here in a bit but this is an update. The girl taking payments in the first window with glasses, dark hair was rude, and the nuggets I had ordered weren                           t warm and taste as if they were sitting out for a while. And to top it off they gave me an opened buffalo sauce !? I can          "	1
16361	Most tables were dirty and sticky. Staff was nice. Just wish they allocated a little more time to the tables.	3
16362	"After waiting in drive through for 20 minutes,  I ordered a filet o fish and large fries with ketchup,  just to get a regular size fries not even filled to the top either , and a  filet of fish with no tarter sauce , and 1/4 of a peice of cheese.  I always check my food right then and there because this location usually messes up drive though orders , and  when I showed them  the employee gave me a attitude and rolled their eyes at me . She even tried to say the fries fell out of the box into the bag . I showed her the bag being empty ,and even made the comment. Even no ketchup.  She then said I had to pull out of the drive through to wait for my order to be fixed it would be 5 to 10 minutes, since my lunch is only 30 minutes, I had no choice but to leave."	1
16363	The parking lot is one of the worst. All the spots are way too narrow and cramped.	2
16364	"Super clean, super neat, new self service is great, my son loves it, search deals!!! Take advantage of them!!!"	5
16365	"Food was hard and cheese danishes were hard
Workers forgot to give me water bottles.
They were just talking and seemed like they weren      "	1
16366	"Good coffee, excellent food, nice people."	5
16367	Good fast service..went in ange cl was awesome in da drive thru...be back soon	1
16368	"2 lanes, moves super fast."	5
16369	"Just ordered two large drinks and two large fries. Both drinks taste wonky as if the syrup in the machines are off. And to top it all off, they had me pull to the side to wait on 2 (TWO) large fries.

Won't recommend this location to anyone looking for decent McDonald's food/drinks. Makes me glad I only ordered fries and drinks, I'd hate to see what else they'd wreck."	1
16370	"Used the app to order, but took 30 minutes to get it to me at the counter. That's way too long. Tons of people got served before I did and my order was placed well before the other customers showed up. The only thing going for this place is that it's 24Hours drive through. And dont use the app, relaying orders to individual stores may have some bugs.

08/15/21
Update: this place is torn down. The building razed and the lot surrounded by fencing. I guess the bums from the nearby overpass finally took its toll. Too bad cuz the 24 hour drive thru was pretty convenient."	2
16371	Newly renovated. Not a McDonald eater. Had some free time so I decided to have a cup of coffee with pie. Loved it.	5
16372	This location should have stayed closed. Why do they have a re-opening sign when they're only operating for drive thru. What about the pedestrians? The ones who can't drive? At least I was able to walk in and  order food before they remodeled. I live less than a mile from here and I can't walk over and physically order food? And why is there a parking lot if we can't walk in. And how rude the associate was that I basically should have known better that they were only running the drive thru? You're better off going to the one on burbank Blvd. Who puts a double lane on a drive thru and doesn't expect problems? This isn't it McDonald's... 20 minutes sitting in a drive thru...	1
16373	Employee at the first window was very helpful and he made sure my order was right however the girl at the second one ignored me and looked confused. The muffin sandwich bread was stale and very tough and the hash browns were cold and also tasted like they sat on a shelf for way too long. After 2 bites I threw it in the trash and purchased a sandwich from a near by gas station much better food). I'm from out of town and on my way to a meeting so returning wasn't an option.	2
16374	"I had quite possibly my worst McDonald's experience ever here. After ordering a sausage egg mcmuffin with a biscuit instead of English muffin, the order taker said

""ok I'll punch it in so it comes out a good deal for you.""

Um... Ok...

When I got the order it ONLY had egg. I politely informed the person at the drive through window, but they refused to correct the order, saying in a absolute terms that this is what I ordered and if I wanted what I ACTUALLY ordered I'd have to get back in line and place a new order!!

What the hell???

I won't be coming back here!"	1
16375	"Good location. I went in as the drive thru line was a little long, must be a busy area. I got my food quick, I only had to wait a couple of minutes, I was not even able to fill up my drink cup before my food was done. The staff was quick and friendly."	5
16376	"I'm not sure what's wrong with this location, but half the time I go there the food I get is old and cold. Today I went through the drive-thru and they had a rush, there were about 10 cars ahead of me. So I'm not sure how they can serve me cold food when they're constantly feeling orders. Just extremely disappointed with this location. I ordered a big Mac combo and the big Mac was cold and the fries were even colder"	2
16377	"The employees just kept screaming the n word. I wasn                           t even trying to eat here, I was just walking by. A"	1
16378	"Great service! Food is hot and fresh!
Im loving it!      "	5
16379	It was clean. It was not too crowded. The items I ordered were up fast. It's a place to go when you don't have a lot of dough and not a lot of time. I try to eat healthy but sometimes you just need something fast.	4
16380	"First time to this location, came at night (between 10pm and midnight) and was pleasantly surprised how fresh everything was and made to order, the fries were fantastic and my GF loved the Oreo McFlurry.

Will be back when I get my next craving!"	5
16381	"The worst place in the valley
Nasty personal,nigth time manager it's the more inefficient person to rule a place,no brain,incredible how this person work in a restaurant. Never comes back."	1
16382	All I ordered was 2 mcribs for $6 drive-thru. They asked me to pull into parking lot and wait. Ended up waiting 25 minutes before I got my order. They claimed the manager couldn't find me. It is a very small parking lot. The manager didn't try very hard. I ended up calling them to remind them about my order. They came out with the same mcribs and handed them to me by this time the were slightly warm and very soggy. The only explanation I got was we're so sorry. I just left immediately otherwise I would have lost my cool if I stayed. Ended up just throwing my order away after one bite. Lost my appetite.	1
16383	Bad Service Bad Attitude! Gave me the wrong drink and charge me for 2andwiches when I ordered one. I was in a hurry to the office (around 8AM) and I didn't have time to argue. When I got to second window and I was handed the bag and the window shut by someone who looked like she'd rather be anywhere but there. Terrible service.	1
16384	"Decent McDonald's, newly rebuilt, quick drive through.  Sometimes food's been under heatlamp a bit long though."	4
16385	"I only eat McDonald's once or twice a year, and after 22 years in the neighborhood this location is - in my experience - the best of the chain within a mile of the length of Ventura Blvd.  Fries have always been fresh.  Service has always been efficient.  Don't let long lines scare you."	5
16386	This McDonald's is fast and very easy to get in and out of.	5
16387	This McDonald                       	1
16388	"Ordered 4 pies through doordash. The bags come sealed so I know it's not the drivers fault. They only put 2 in the bag, so half the order was missing!!
Called to see what's up, Christian basically told me 'too bad, nothing I can do'"	1
16389	"I've given this location a few chances over the last two years and while the drive thru is fast, the drinks taste wrong every time. Something about their soda machine is just not working like other locations and hasn't been for a long time."	2
16390	This McDonald's is garbage. Dirty. No soda. Only take orders from 1 of the 2 lanes. Nope.	1
16391	This is one of the best McDonald's. Place is clean and it gets quite a bit of traffic. Parking is tight but the drive thru(24 hrs) is short. The staff is mostly young professionals and they represent themselves well. Great fast food.	5
16392	Little bit of a wait but that's pretty much everything in LA chicken came out hot and they remembered the sauces. The location didn't look too shabby but if they had a larger parking lot they could probably not contribute to the traffic on the street.  It's McDonald's not a chic-fil-a  you get what you pay for	4
16393	Nice clean location. Customer service was super friendly and professional. Nice seating available. Outside seating also available. This location has 24 hr drive through. Overall great experience. Keep up the good work!	5
16394	"TERRIBLE. Got our orders wrong and when I got home it was missing my entire meal...
NEVER WILL I EVER RETURN HERE.

Manager Rosalina or Rosaline is terrible as well she is clueless and she has no idea how to repay or provide refund for this mistake. She called back saying she can                           t do anything I                           m too busy I can                "	1
16395	This place has changed for the worse in the past few months. Previously well-staffed with courteous people. Now they don                           t even look at you when you place your order. Not even simple please and thank you. I guess the cream of the crop left and moved up. Now it                           s staffed by stoner high school dropouts! They co	1
16396	"There                           s a young man here that goes by the name of Muhammad. He is extremely rude!! Not an exaggeration.
He has no concept whatsoever of customer service. He pointed at me and ted demanding me to walk over to him because of a mistake he made. He         "	2
16397	"Every time I've eaten there I've never seen an employee clean or wipe down a table.  Always sticky and I've had  to use water and napkins to clean the tables before eating.  I'd think they would at least watch and take care of this situation.   Also, very drafty from AC over tables and if you want to have warm food eat fast.   I've asked if they could turn the AC down a bit, but they said they couldn't.
Picking another MD now."	2
16398	"Carlos, the young man running the front, was so friendly and all smiles even though he was getting overran and I myself was a bit of a problem for him as I had 5 kids who ordered 10 minutes apart from each other and changed their order twice. He still managed to take it all in stride and got us our food in a reasonable amount of time and with a smile on his face!"	5
16399	"A little small for my taste. It is one of the older McDonalds, so it doesn't have outlets.
The staff is great, though! There is one dude that works in the morning that is always so nice, and it seems like he never has a bad day! None of the staff (as far as I have seen) discriminate against homeless people. Their humanity gets them the extra !"	4
16400	"Beware of the parking, it is very crowded and the drive through is inconveniently located  very closely to row of cars backing up and when gets crowded, if you are backing up you may have to wait or  even worse get hit by a car backing up (I actually saw this).  Not a big fan of McDonalds food, but the fries are classic and a tea no sugar is refreshing.  My order is always small fries and large tea no sugar.  Service is always great."	4
16401	"The drive thru girl lied to me and the mgr stepped in to assist and the next time I went there, I ted out happy and said hi
She did not answer....wierdo!

Not cool to hold grudges.  I don't.  Every day, is a new day and a chance to clean up messes.  She could fix it and apologize but, she chooses to ack like a child!"	2
16402	This place has clean restroom. The parking is free but is mostly full and requires some wait to park. The dining area is not so big but clean. The cashier was friendly and welcoming. I like that breakfast was served all day.	4
16403	"I was there this morning at 10:00 a.m., thinking about ordering breakfast and coffee. The woman on the intercom wasn't really friendly and did not explain to me why they were not serving breakfast at this time. I thought breakfast was served throughout the day no matter what but I guess I was wrong. I've never had an issue with this McDonald's but this was a first and disappointing"	1
16404	"Google keeps bugging me to review it, so here goes:    It's Mcdonald's. You know what you're in for when you go.  There's always a 50/50 chance that your fries will be hot and delicious, or cold and nasty.  I'll only add that this particular McD's suffers from being next door to one of the largest homeless encampments in LA.  Be prepared to be asked (usually politely) by a transient for food.
Of course, this isn't really the fault of the McDonald's, and I'm not making any judgements. I eat here frequently, since it's just off the freeway near my house, and McD's in general has improved their food over the past few years."	3
16405	"This Asian guy on the second window asks me to drive to their parking area because the order is not ready and said he will bring it to me. I waited for 10 minutes in the car and he never brought it.  I decided to walk in the restaurant, they had the bag just laying there.

Why would he ask me to wait in the car if he never planned on bringing it to me??  Bad service!"	1
16406	"It's McDonald's. Their menu is growing, and has a number of new additions that look to be a bit healthier, but I come for the comfort of a Big Mac or Whopper.  This location is situated in an area that limits parking, and the drive through fills up the the point where it causes issues on the street. There's minimal seating (although I've always found a table). It is clean, and the staff the normal level of friendly and helpful."	3
16407	"My whole order was a lost, the oatmeal was not closed correctly and so all the order got wet and the oatmeal did not cook right .Then, they didn't even supply me with spoons. I asked for cream and sugar in my coffee, and they gave it to me black and  they got upset because asked them please add what I had asked for, in my coffee.
I ordered two breakfast burritos and they were cold, it's frustrating how bad some employees are trained they don't have any pride on what they do, nor care about service they provide is just a shame."	1
16408	"As always, McDonald's prices are good for your pocketbook. Bought it for my three little friends and they were very full. And my wallet was very happy. Very friendly employees as well."	5
16409	"We ordered our food (It was free egg mcmuffin day) and before we even sat down they brought it to us, clearly it was made before we ordered. It was cold in the middle. They proceeded to e, whisper, and laugh at us. I was uncomfortable eating the food, afraid they had spit in it so we left without touching a thing."	1
16410	Soda was just fizzy water. Burger was undercooked. Fries were good and hot.	3
16411	"Although it took longer than I expected to dine on, there was actually service and concern from the attentive  staff. And I really like the burgers. I get a qtr pounder with cheese and dont eat the  bottom bun.  To cut carbs. If you do it quickly the cheese doesn't melt so it very easy to go openfaced!"	5
16412	What more can you say about McDonald's. It's what it is and their prices just keep getting higher. Fast food used to also be remotely inexpensive. Now they think they are fine dining with their prices going up quarterly.	3
16413	Lazy people very rude when they fall behind which is alot they dont use the register and wont help with kiosk they need new staff	1
16414	I'm giving this McDonald's location a 3  rating. This was due to the fact that their fries weren't all that great and meat was a bit oily in the quarter pound burger. I've also noticed that the quality of their buns aren't what they used to be. Not sure if I'm the only one who's noticed the change.	3
16415	"It took several minutes for someone to take our order, then our order took forever and was wrong. My Mc muffin was rock hard and instead of the cheeseburger my friend ordered he received a Mc chicken with cheese. they were out of sweet tea and the little straw trash bin on the soda fountain was bursting out and spilling into the ice catch. This facility is dirty, packed both inside and in the drive thru, and is obviously understaffed."	1
16416	"They got my order wrong... This happens often.

To make things worse they are very inefficient. Ordered a small fries, they served 10 other people before I got mine. Seriously, fill up a small bag with fries while you await other order burgers. I used to worl at McDonalds 10 years ago and know how it should be run. Horrible!

Ironically two other individuals complained about their order while I waited and one got into an argument with the manager over cold cheese."	1
16417	"The drive through at this McDonald's has always been busy every time I've gone.  It's honestly worth driving a little extra to another location if you are in a hurry.  I've been stuck in the drive thru line for over 15 minutes on several occasions just ordering a single cheeseburger.  Granted, compared to In and Out that's nothing, but this is McDonalds.  That aside, the interior has always been pretty clean when I've went inside.  If you go for breakfast on the weekends, once again, be prepared to wait.  They do take Apple Pay and Android pay!  The one time I used it, the person behind the counter actually knew what it was.  So many places tell you they don't have it but just don't know what it is.  Another big plus is the drive through is 24 hours."	2
16418	It's a McDonald's like any other.	5
16419	I am so happy and glad that they finally reopen. And a new remodel is amazing really nice.	5
16420	"Great, friendly, efficient service for a quick bite in the car. The fast food was served piping hot and the sauce to meat ratio was on target...French fries were seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of crunch."	5
16421	Cool new McD's with the kitchen on the Top floor.  Needs sum better decor very plain	5
16422	"The staff who took our order doesn't have customer service. Very impatient. In fairness he is so quick taking our order and he knows his menu.
Sad that frappe machine doesn't work.
No choice as thia is the only place that's open for breakfast here at universal."	1
16423	"I ordered a Mcdouble, which was on their outside drive thru menu. When it came up on the order screen it was shown as a Bacon Mcdouble, I told them that I just wanted the regular Mcdouble, no bacon. So all they did was note NO Bacon, and still charged me the full price for a Bacon Mcdouble. When I got to the window I clarified again, but was told they didn't have that in their system, and that I had to pay the full price for the Bacon Mcdouble. I asked ro talk to the manager who then told me they didn't have what I ordered. I told him to go out and check his menu, because it was on there. He told me he didn't need to, that it was not on the menu. He was very rude and dismissive. I realize it is just a few cents difference, but why should anyone pay for something they didn't order, especially if what you ordered is on the menu. I see no reason to be treated so unprofessionally, and rudely. I don't recommend visiting this McDonalds, luckily there are plenty of others near by who treat people with respect."	1
16424	"Drive thru order was botched. We paid for two milks and upon arriving home, discovered that there were no milks and instead of the healthier grilled chicken that my wife ordered, she was unable to eat the crispy chicken that we received due to dietary reasons...what a waste. Hopefully somebody got the milks we bought-

Avoid the drive thru at all costs! This was not the first time; and we should have stopped and checked the order-

Never again"	1
16425	I just left there 10 mins ago and my fries were horrible. They weren't even fresh and definitely something I would NEVER give to a customer	1
16426	"Got the spicy nuggets, everything was great! HUGE shoutout to Michael on staff, legendary experience with him!!"	5
16427	It's McDonald's but not too bad considering they just completely remodeled the place. The kitchen is now upstairs and it has smaller foot print with a bigger more organized parking area.	4
16428	Had a terrible experience from t to finish.. An order taker in the drive thru even though there was not a back up- he interrupted my ordering- got it wrong(i corrected him)- the cashier had it wrong(i corrected him)- then they handed me the wrong order- then the fish sandwich was burnt and tasted old and the chicken nuggets tasted like very bad chicken.. Worst McDonald's experience ever.	1
16429	I asked for a peppermint mocha and all was well until I realized the hot cup they served it in was cold by the time it was too late and I was already home. Drive thru service not the best when you have to yell out the order multiple times.	1
16430	As far as a McDonald's chain restaurant would go I can say that this is a decent location it's really a McDonald's so I don't know how much you could realistically expect out of a place like this you know a fast food chain but the food here is on par with any other McDonald's is there The drive-thru is relatively quick which is good	3
16431	"As far as McDonalds go, this is a pretty good one. Know how I can tell? Fries are *always* blistering hot.  I live near this McDonald's and I don't have to force myself to come here even though I pick up food 2 or 3 times per month. Stuff that's supposed to be hot is hot; stuff that is supposed to be cold is cold. As far as the service goes, here's the amazing thing: mostly millennials are working here .... and the service is still good! If you are in the area and hungry, I recommend this McDonald's....but please don't tease the Millinials they get spooked easy and stampede.  Thanks."	4
16432	It's a little bit hard to get in and out of the parking lot other than that everybody is very nice and it's a good facility they don't run as many specials or deals like by two or buy one get one free on the breakfast sandwiches and stuff like a lot of other McDonald's do so that's why I didn't give him five s other than that the place is clean and they're good	4
16433	"My brother and I tolerate it because it's close to us and it's open when no one else is.  But. .. you get the loonies showing up there. Homeless wandering in and out filling up for free their gutter cups at the soda machine. Smells, psych ward cryouts and who knows what else are the norm so do yourself a favor and order by the drive through and get the hell out quick."	2
16434	"bad night. went for a burger. got trapped in the drive thru. took almost ten min to get to the order screen, only to find out their grill was down. and they aren't cooking meat, just nuggets. trapped for another ten minutes, for a total of almost twenty minutes with nothing to show for it. things happen, just put a damn sign up."	2
16435	"McDonald's is awesome, get the app with that you can get 99 cent large iced coffee!"	4
16436	Small but very busy McDonald's location with a drive thru.  They offer their standard menu and service is reasonably fast.  They do have extra attendants working the drive thru during busy hours to try and move traffic along.	4
16437	I ate so many big mac. A  Lot. 4. I love mcdanal an big Mac plz	5
16438	Happy it                          	2
16439	"The new design is futuristic. Self-order, no register, sleek design, compact. Impressive."	4
16440	The rudest and least compentent staff I                           ve ever found at a Mcdonald                   	1
16441	t's fast food they take like 20-30 for an order and all the tables are dirty	2
16442	It's McDonalds. If you don't know to check your bags before you pull away then you've never been to a fast food restaurant before. The service was friendly and the new menu items are fun to try. Seriously though it doesn't deserve one  reviewing... I've been to some true one  places and this isn't one of them.	4
16443	Small McDonalds. Clean. The restrooms were locked and I had to find somebody to let me in. That always frustrates me. The place had about 50% of the staff needed to meet the crowd.	3
16444	"Small and cramped inside always seems busy. Parking lot is small too, but drive through delivers standard menu mostly reliably. Easy access to freeway at this location too."	3
16445	"Stopped here on the way to LA. Every employee i talked to had TERRIBLE customer service. Everyone there looks miserable. I heard a man ask to enter the mens restroom to just wash his hands while they were cleaning, the person cleaning refused and then he asked the lady at the register if he could ask the person cleaning to let him inside the restroom and she told him to go to the womens restroom with a huge attitude! Really rude workers."	1
16446	"This place has a small parking lot, but the inside is generally clean and cool. The soda machines Diet Dr Pepper tastes a little off, other than that the service is good and the food is well put together."	4
16447	"So/so McDonald's but it's the closest to the house. They could do a much better job of cleaning it and also getting rid of the vagrants the sit for hours. If you're looking for friendly service, don't bother but it's mcdonald's, who come for the service. They drive thru is fine but gets way backed up"	3
16448	This isnt IN n OUT and people do actually want to look at the menu... so having your employees stand outside in the hot sun... around the corner from the full menu... taking orders with an out dated sandwich board is pretty ridiculous. (I ordered a #7 from the board... which was a #6 in his tablet) so my order was wrong...Why can't we simply order thru the box like normal drive-thrus McDonald's	3
16449	"Hey what can I say? But!!!!! Sure make not just good - Damn good hot French Vanilla Latte with whipped cream on top! I like it so much they recognize my voice coming thru the drive thru in Sherman Oaks. The only thing I like better is when someone brings it home to me and we put just a timble full of Bristole Cream, or Kalua, or my fav-o-rite Pennsylvania Dutch Egg Nog in it! Oooh weeeee! Better watch that Penn Dutch. Sure will creep up on you though!"	3
16450	They know how you make early morning coffee taste yummy to the last drop.	4
16451	"Never a correct order - last night they forgot to put patties on both kid's hamburger buns, the kitchen timers are always beeping, not very clean, parking is limited. Staff is friendly. Kids like it so we'll continue to come here."	1
16452	I used to work across the street so I would go there quite often. Usually quick. On occasion I would wait 20 minutes to get my order. Otherwise good service.	4
16453	"Slow. All. The. Time. I have never come to this location and quickly got my good and out, it's always this long process (just for my order to be wrong).  I wish they put in the attention to detail that the Studio City location puts in."	1
16454	"Went in here to us the restroom, since im working outside, got a no. Thank you coffee been for the yes. To show my appreciation, I bought a drink."	1
16455	Worst McDonalds ever. Staff try but automated and crowded	1
16456	"Drive-thru. But just afterwards I found out the news that McDonald's is supporting terrorists, Hamas, and suddenly against Israel. So I won't be going back to McDonald's until that changes."	3
16457	"This McDonald's ice cream machine has never once been broken anytime I've ordered ice cream, and that's literally the most I could ask of any fast food establishment."	5
16458	My fa our place for coffee. Always we make sure we get the senior coffee.	5
16459	"It takes forever to get breakfast here, every time inside and out"	2
16460	Cold nuggets.  Homeless people just walking around cars.	2
16461	"Terrible, floor was disgusting and no one cleaned it after asking, even the tables were left a mess that my family had to clean ourselves. Unfriendly atmosphere and employees looked at us in anger despite just walking in. Would not recommend anyone this establishment"	1
16462	"Very happy. That old prejudice of food places regarding ""no substitutions"" is finally being put to rest, and this particular McDonalds location is at the forefront of that movement. They really do try to accommodate people,for instance, who love pancakes and eggs, but don't eat pork. Hold the sausage but you like hashbrowns? No problem! Hooray! Maybe Jack Nicholson will come in and order a turkey sandwich."	3
16463	Took 40 whole minutes from the time I entered the drive through before I got my food.	1
16464	Super clean. Amazing customer service and the vibes here are really great. This location is in my top 3 favorite McDonald restaurants.	5
16465	didn                       	1
16466	The guy taking our order for drive thru (he was standing outside taking orders) was really nice and helpful.	5
16467	Service member that took my order was my lifesaver this morning. God bless you and your family plus staff members. #framily	5
16468	"It's a McDonald's so the food is very consistent. Unfortunately, the parking lot is impossible to use since the drive through wraps through it. I've been stuck in the parking lot for 20 minutes with no way to get out."	2
16469	Bad exsperence two days in a row no mc rib! Drive through slow no matter what time i go there. Fries old on several different occasions. Isaac the night manager was sweet!	1
16470	"My burger was fresh cooked, perfect in every way. The fried were hot. Fast friendly service. Great mc donalds."	5
16471	"Upon leaving this McDonald's on Friday morning. I turned around just in time to see a  Rat, Not a mouse ,A GINOURMOUS RAT!!
I Kid you not, this Heavy Hitter was the size of a Men's Shoe Size 12!!!
I was amazed at how tame it was...
Kinda scary the way it just lingered in the parking lot without a worry in the world.
Maybe It was Stuart Little and was waiting for his food in the drive thru.
Unsure , either way, If you come To this McDonald's you might be blessed with his Presence..
Enjoy your McMuffin!!   "	1
16472	It was very busy for the time I came in. I had a 15 minute wait on my food	4
16473	"Third time this year that the drive thru got my order wrong, and I've only been four times!  And the manager expected me to get back in my car, drive back to the restaurant and wait in line again to get it fixed- I don't think so!"	1
16474	This location always seems to be on top of their game.  The drive thru line at rush hour goes quickly and the servers are friendly and efficient.  Love this McDonalds!	5
16475	"Gross bathrooms, you know it's sketchy because they have security outside of it."	2
16476	Not a good service nd i asked for ranch nd ketchup they didnt served me anything just becus they wanted to have a fast drive through	1
16477	Like stepping back into the 70s.. this place hasn't been updated for many decades by the looks of it. Very old fashioned. Food a little greasy and saltier than other McDonald's branches I've been to.	2
16478	"I guess for a McDonald's, it deserves 5 because it was perfectly a normal McDonald's, but it is still the lowest common denominator when looking for food, so...

Don't expect ""more than McDonald's"", but it was clean and the food was hot."	4
16479	Loved it ordered the new beacon extreame burgar without onions. Nice choice from Spain. The lobby is clean and neat and the service is quick.	5
16480	"EV rude, manager lady also rude."	1
16481	Very good service my 1st time here ..me and my kids are in a vacation so we decided to eat here and the greetings and food quality really good i give it 5 .. Recommend to come here.	5
16482	Tried calling to find out what the Happy Meal toy is today for grandson. The phone has been busy for 45 minutes. Must be off the hook. Going elsewhere.	1
16483	It's open 24 hours (the drive through at least) so you can get that item your craving for day or night! Good service & friendly staff!	5
16484	The afternoon crew over there is very ignorant and arrogant! I don't know if that was just an incident or that's there normal but It was unpleasant to order from them!	1
16485	Super slow service    	3
16486	"Today 3/18/2022 restaurant is closed for renovation no date when will reopen, but Google maps shows as open   "	2
16487	Best McDonalds ive ever been to. Food was very fresh and well made. Service was timely considering the amount of customers that were waiting. Will definately be back!!	5
16488	The McDonald's I just went to was so filthy I didn't even eat there. The parking lot was disgusting all around the outside of the building was really filthy. Inside was better but not by that much.	2
16489	People brought their own food to this place (like 12 people) yams and hard boiled eggs and ordered2andwiches and 12 coffees and too all the tables.  People were complaining but management did nothing	1
16490	"The food there sucks, it is so tasteless & I've even got a sausage mcmuffin here & it wasn't done, plus the coke is really bad.. no coke just seltzer water... never again"	1
16491	Parking lot is very small and the drive through is in the way of the back row parking. This place is to busy during my visit find another fast food place near by unless you really 2ant mc donalds.	3
16492	"Cold burgers disgusting looking and tasting meat, the fries were the only                               "	1
16493	It's McDonalds. They are consistent but they can't seem to get orders right.	3
16494	Hot and fresh in the throws of a lunch rush. Best Quarter Pounder i've had in a minute	5
16495	"Slowest drive thru ever, avoid at all costs"	1
16496	"Do not eat this food. It will kill you. Is not even food. If there was -5, I would give it that. If you feed the stuff to your kid, there's something really wrong with you."	1
16497	Just left... asked to make sure to add flavor to my iced coffee cus last time they didnt.... well... I got plain iced coffee again!!!	1
16498	"Food was warm and as expected. The staff though...whew, ya kinda get the impression they don't want to be there.    "	3
16499	"It was McDonald's!  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was good and most importantly the FRENCH FRIES were HOT!!
NOTHING WORST THAN COLD FRENCH FRIES! !"	4
16500	my country men was serve and assist my order.  thankz	5
16501	Used drive-thru around 2am just to find out that they were only taking cash because the card terminal was not working. I only had a few bucks cash to spend and I even got my oder wrong. Terrible experience!   	1
16502	Chicken tenders were hard as rocks. The bun on the buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich was burnt inside and hard. Could not eat!	1
16503	"The usual McDonald's clean, very busy, parking is not great it is a very active drive thru. I was able to park but getting out was harder."	5
16504	This is my go to McDonald                           s and it                	4
16505	excellent place to dine fast service	5
16506	"Love stopping through here before or after work! The restaurant is smaller many, but makes up for it in Customer service and accessibility."	5
16507	Went through the drive through was good service and fast inside looks big and spacious in case you prefer to eat inside	5
16508	Great Customer Service Friendly staff. Got My Order Done in A Timely manner. Thanks MCDonalds Staff.	5
16509	The worst McDonald's to get breakfast really early in the morning I always go try to get breakfast around 4 in the morning and there card reader is never working I don't understand how every day at 4 a.m. they can't accept debit or credit card this is been going on for a very long time	1
16510	"This was one of the worse experiences I've ever had.  We sat in the parking lot for 20 minutes waiting for our order.  They forgot about our order.  Then when I got it, it was missing stuff."	1
16511	This place has changed a lot.They forget about your order or forgets certain things in your order.Now there are more homeless's.Now there are teenagers working there and messing up your order.My grandma asked for a ice cream cone but they gave her a cup instead.I recommend going to a different McDonald's for right now until they fix the problems.	1
16512	How do you mess up this many orders? And the fries were weird. Just go to a different McDonald's	2
16513	Always quick and easy out of this location They managed to keep this place very clean	5
16514	It appears this location burned down or was leveled for reconstruction.  There is no building only steel support beams and a fence around the lot.	1
16515	It's fast food right? But the service was friendlier than you'd normally associate with fast food and that was from interacting with three different	5
16516	They have a new menu board now finally with accurate food on it... but my nuggets weren't fresh and they forgot my sauces and napkins	3
16517	Always buy my ice coffee here usually it's perfect but a few times it taste really watery or over loaded on cream/milk or even vanilla flavor	4
16518	"The standard McDonald's menu, the staff is friendly the restaurant is clean. They do get busy and sometimes they get a little behind but not a lot."	4
16519	"The new rebuilt mcdonalds looks nice, also 2 drive thru lanes now."	4
16520	It's not a great place but it's not too bad of a McDonald's to just go in & have a quick meal to eat there or take it with u	4
16521	Dining room has gnats Told employee but no reaction Maybe the gnats amoing others is why i raely go. Was in a giant hurry only reason	2
16522	"Drive thru was fast with 3 point contact. Order taken in line, payment window then pick up window"	5
16523	Good service and got us everything quickly.	5
16524	We always have fun at McDonald's	5
16525	Nice customer service free Wi-Fi and they even have outside seats small parking lot though. Overall good experience.	4
16526	Very friendly staff and quick service. One of the better McDonald's I've been to.	5
16527	Waited about half an hour in the drive thru.  They informed us they could only accept cash.  No sign telling us that before pulling in.  Don't go here late night.	1
16528	"Same as any other Mc Donald's in the world, a lot of the homeless comunity visits there so it's good to always give them a hand"	1
16529	"Meh? It's Mickey D's, but to u old farts out thr: ask 4 the Senior Coffee, like 69 cents & just as good as bucks!"	3
16530	Good food.	5
16531	Besides the guy with the meth pipe going through the trash the food is as expected. It's not McDonald's fualt there is a methademic	5
16532	I went to the store today and asked for a sausage McMuffin and they said they didn            	3
16533	Friendly and fast. No issues	5
16534	Quick service friendly staff food was yummm... and the two breakfast sandwhiches for $4 is awesome!	5
16535	"Disrespectful Employees, piss-flavored nuggets, somebody forgot to flush the toilet avta they've tooka SHET, my a**h** is nicer than this restaurant."	1
16536	I am giving this a low rating because it is at an intersection that is not easy to get in and out of. The parking lot is tiny and you just can't work with it.	3
16537	"I went today, 11:15am, asked for the free big Mac/maccoin, they said, they were not authorized, 08/02/2018"	5
16538	Made a quik stop during lunch hour rush and was in ans out of there fast with great sevice and freshly cooked fries and a bomb oreo shake.	5
16539	"Fast service, friendly, bathroom wasn't available, over all thank you"	5
16540	Good food. But the area has so so many homeless people. Be careful after dark	3
16541	Place is too small. Once you order I waited for my food and I really didn't have anyplace to stand without getting in someone's way.	4
16542	"Bad customer service, rude, they lie about giving u condiments. Food is usually missing when u get home."	2
16543	Drive through is faster than walk in. Food is good for McD's.	4
16544	Very good service and my food came out really quick good coffee and quality food	5
16545	Very friendly fast counter personal..always willing to make sure your order is correct	4
16546	I've never had a problem at this location. The best employees thus far	5
16547	"The Place was okay, excepting the bathroom,  i know it's difficult have that clean and beauty but could be better conditions"	4
16548	The second story is a lie. There is only 1 floor.	5
16549	Long wait times for simple orders. Poor management. Unacceptable cleanliness standards.	1
16550	"Open 24 hours in the dining room as well as the drive-thru. And WiFi, too! Thank you McDonald's!"	5
16551	They do an amazing job here in the mornings to get all us busy people in and out quickly!	5
16552	"Unhealthy and poisonous food. Acidic lack of nutrients. Nothing but fat and carbohydrates. Food should be illigal, period"	1
16553	"Ay listen here, this place gets 5 err day of the week. Tuesday to Monday. Real fries realfries real frys"	5
16554	Cold fries. Incredibly long wait for 3am (were talking 20 min for each customer). And incredibly horrendous customer service. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!	1
16555	"There is an ""entrance fee"", upon entering and exiting the drive thru. LOL"	2
16556	Says 24h but they were closed at 2am (including the drive through)	1
16557	"Great job at this location, from Orlando, Fla tourist."	5
16558	McDonald's in North Hollywood very good customer service you got to deal with the homeless a lot right there though a good McDonald's to go to	4
16559	They don          	1
16560	Did the mobile order thing I asked for extra onions and got none at all that's how difficult it is for these people to understand English and even said it on the receipt extra onions	1
16561	          trash	1
16562	Fast and efficient.	4
16563	We got mcdonald's then we drove to San Diego and than I proposed to my wife at tuna park.	5
16564	Small but friendly and clean.	5
16565	Don't come to this mc Donald's. They always takes forever to prepare your food and constantly passes people in front of you	1
16566	Great food.  Slow / bad drive-thru setup.  2 lanes into 1	3
16567	Went thru the drive thru and they forgot 2 fries and reversed my request I asked for no lettuce they gave me lettuce only.	2
16568	I don't really eat food at Mcdonalds but I stopped in there frequently for their hazelnut iced coffee.	5
16569	"Worst drive thru, took 26 minutes to get order. WORST McDonald's in the world!!"	1
16570	"McD's is always a good time, but this time was great! All thanks to the cool staff!"	5
16571	"Park lot was very small and congested, I was stuck for 10 mins. Employees are very arogant too."	1
16572	I got my order wrong twice first they gave me coffee instead of hot chocolate and then I said no ketchup on my burger and it had ketchup probably not going there again	1
16573	McDonald            	5
16574	20 minute wait for 2 egg McMuffins 	2
16575	Kinda Slow Service and a very small restaurant but the food here comes out decent	3
16576	Their prices are up snd transactions are down. There are better fast food alternatives	3
16577	always cheerful and always helpful. great service. the only downside is OVER RUN BY HOMELESS PEOPLE all the time!	4
16578	Ice cream machine always broken. Very low quality location.	1
16579	"Long drive thru line, very fast service. Impressive"	5
16580	This is my favorite place fair prices good food and the best crew	5
16581	Would have got five s but they were out of ice cream cones... Boo!!!	4
16582	This place is dirty and has many flies. Smh bad service as well.	1
16583	"Its McDonalds.  Drive through is narrow and has a sharp turn, but other than that one thing, it's your standard McD's."	4
16584	I had to wait for a coffee 30 minutes    not a good experience I	1
16585	They forgot put gogur and SOS in happy meal.and today did not put toy	1
16586	"Go to this McDonald  regularly,  most of the time they forget something,  straw, napkin, sauce,  etc."	3
16587	Most of the time it takes so long to get your order and so far it has only been this McDonald's	3
16588	"Very very slow took a long time be completed,  unorganized but we're very nice employees"	1
16589	This location has friendly staff but has one of the slowest drive thru in Los Angeles.	3
16590	Long line in drive-thru. Machine not working for atm or credit card. Very sad for such a huge company.	1
16591	This McDonald's is kicking ass and taking names. Puts the others to shame. Love this location.	5
16592	Avoid it if you can. The service is terrible; some employees need to go back to training to enhance their costumer service skills.	1
16593	Didn't expect such great drive-thru so early in the morning.	5
16594	Just like all McDonald's!  Nothing special! Always ask for fresh fries!	5
16595	Night service suck and manger has an attitude. During the day. No problems	1
16596	It's ok if you want something fast the people are friendly.	4
16597	I had forgotten to order my cheeseburgers without onions but the lovely man behind the counter had them remade just for me at no charge.	5
16598	It's McDonald's.... how good can it be. Tastes the same as it did 50 years ago when I was a kid	3
16599	"It was ok , cheep on handling out ketchup and I asked for mayonnaise ,, they said they didn     "	2
16600	Great...my granddaughter loves your oreo cookies icecream....	5
16601	"Could barely get through the line to park, spaces are way to small, and waited 22 minutes to get two coffee's!"	1
16602	The staff was a little too casual when taking my order...	3
16603	Very dirty and staff.is.not friendly at all. They act like they don't like their jobs	2
16604	"Great spot, mellow atmosphere. They really seem to have figured out their niche."	3
16605	"They are always crowded n drive through as well, but the service makes up for it"	5
16606	Ordered something small took over 15 mins. People who ordered before me got their food before I did.	1
16607	Very good coffee and the service really nice    	5
16608	no mcdonald                   	1
16609	Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to. 20 minutes trapped in the drive thru line.	1
16610	They were not letting homeless people eat or use the bathroom that we're buying food that's wrong	1
16611	Good drinks at a decent price. Quick service.	5
16612	This is a busy McDonald's so there is generally a wait at the drive thru and parking lot is tight..	4
16613	My cup was fingered by the cashier.   Two s because he gave a new one when I asked.	2
16614	Los Angeles. Great service and fast	4
16615	Super fancy electric menu in the drive through. Pretty impressive	5
16616	"Crowded parking lot
Homeless camped outside refilling dirty cups
Uber drivers hang out in lot refilling their dirty drink cups
Dirty inside and out
NEVER EVER EVER fill your fry container to the top!!!"	1
16617	Great coffee faster services	5
16618	Not good for health as we all know but a little good food	2
16619	"Just had my ole standby snack:

Dbl-Cheeseburger, small fries and a small coke.  90's High School Lunch!"	4
16620	Good when you're running and you do not want to entertain yourself	5
16621	Food is always delicious and the fries are always super hot.	5
16622	Drive thru should be for walk ups to so we can order food also	3
16623	"Delicious, when they don't re-fry the fries and filet-o-fish"	5
16624	Poorly managed. Management as no problem lying to the customer when an error is made.	1
16625	Fast drive thru. Very efficient!	4
16626	Anytime before 7pm is hit or miss. 7pm to 4am is always quick and hot.	4
16627	Love the value meal menu. Great place for dessert.	5
16628	Makes it easy to grab a quick bite. Self ordering inside	4
16629	Clean store with fast service. Had the mcgriddle and wow	4
16630	"The same old, the food is bad for you, but it's cheap if you do it right and don't get sucked into the marketing    "	4
16631	"Disgusting. I love McDonald's but some franchises don't know how to cook the food, and this is one of them."	2
16632	"Small place, recomended for drive thru or take out"	2
16633	"Typical McDonald's just with REALLLLLLLY long drive-thru lines. Nothing special, nothing to write home about."	2
16634	Really long SLOW line at the drive through. Took FOREVER.	2
16635	Fast Happy meal! Accommodating and friendly	4
16636	I didn                           	1
16637	The McDonald's at Riverside was confusing because there was no River and this McDonald's was not at its side	5
16638	Unorganized! Couldn                 	2
16639	Another McDonald's I frequent. The fries here are a little better than the NoHo one at Burbank Blvd.	5
16640	Too much mayo and burnt bun. Homeless come in and get sodas with old cup - ew	2
16641	"That big guy can really sing! Awesome place, awesome singing dude!"	5
16642	"Nice location, large and comfy, friendly staff, plenty of parking space."	5
16643	I like this McDonald's out of all of the ones that I have been at because this is the only one that the walk in stay open 24 hours.	5
16644	No one should ever go to McDonald's for anything but going to the bathroom	1
16645	Sometimes busy. Some days drive through accept only cash.	4
16646	Good service...fresh coffee... I'm coming back !	5
16647	Most convenient McDonalds. It can be busy and you might wait a little longer.	4
16648	Was excellent porci              	5
16649	I was able to get a quarter pounder at 930 am	5
16650	"No matter how many McDonald's I visited in Los Angeles County they all have the same problem,  filthy bathrooms ..."	3
16651	My rating is based on my love for the iced turtle.	5
16652	This McDonald's was very satisfying and well organized with very much class	5
16653	The service is below zero	1
16654	Not great. Lots of ne'er-do-wells hang out there. Be weary travellers.	3
16655	Long lines lately outside on drive thru inside slow toi	3
16656	"Bed service very bad manager
He               "	1
16657	"I ordered 2 of thier ""premium"" chichen sandwiches,  TOTALLY GROSS,  AND SOGGY COLD DOES"	2
16658	They no longer have chocolate dipped ice cream cones. What a shame	2
16659	"Excellent coffee, but prices are increasing."	3
16660	Very rude female employee. Look like she didnt wanted to work	2
16661	Double quarter pounder can't go wrong... with cheese	5
16662	Can't go wrong with a 10-piece chicken McNugget meal	5
16663	Worst food ever. The hamburgers taste like a paper.	2
16664	Good service unfortunately only 2 restrooms	3
16665	Treats food couriers with respect. Restaurant owners take note.	5
16666	Its mc donalds not healthy for you but good cold water	1
16667	Pretty fast service and good family pack	3
16668	fast drive thru considering it was rush hour	4
16669	Be careful with drive thur they can forget you suff	3
16670	"It's mc Donald's,. The man before me backed up the toilet and an employee let me use the women's"	4
16671	It's cheap but filling and really tasty.	5
16672	"Business is booming, excellent food and fast service"	5
16673	Food was terrible and it seems every homeless person in LA was in the parking lot or in the restroom	1
16674	This is a good one.  Clean and easy to park.	4
16675	there was a hair in our food	2
16676	Get food but forgot several items that were bought and paid for unfortunately was too far away to go back	4
16677	I got 3loppy vanilla ice cream cones today.	2
16678	"Open 24hrs. Line for bathroom at 11pm, but only place open."	4
16679	The McCaf                	5
16680	"The cashier was unfriendly, and the sandwich was missing the bacon,  as always."	1
16681	Ok food service 0 and prices difference from all other	2
16682	What can you expect? Service and food is always ok.	3
16683	Hate their food and service never go back	1
16684	Our breakfast was fast and clean restrooms	5
16685	Is not a healthy food but when you are hungry you got to eat.   	3
16686	VERY SAD ' HOMELESS OUTSIDE ' LURKING AROUND...NO ' CHRISTMAS MUSIC OR SPIRIT ' INSIDE                       	2
16687	Always there when you get the munchies while on the clock. Thank you McDonald's	5
16688	Wow. The therapists here are brilliant!	5
16689	Great service and very accommodating!	5
16690	Its McDonald's food but a little crowded when I went	3
16691	McDonald's is an American standard for fast food.	3
16692	Not good. Fries were stale.	1
16693	"parking is a nightmare, WAY too many homeless near by"	2
16694	Always fresh and fast service	5
16695	Let's just put it this way I am now a vegetarian	1
16696	One of the fastest McDonald's out there	5
16697	Long wait	3
16698	Pretty decent service for a McDonald's	4
16699	Ok very good place to eat breakfast	4
16700	"Quick and easy, very clean, newly renovated"	5
16701	"What can i say about McDonald's
IAM LOVING IT     "	5
16702	This place is total kaos!! The worst service anywhere.Yes  the worst!	1
16703	Drive thru is pretty slow.	2
16704	Have had wrong orders and or missing food.	3
16705	Pretty good as far as McDonald's go.	3
16706	Slow but order was accurate..	4
16707	They just serve dri ka and cookies	1
16708	Good food but dirty.	3
16709	Good location. Good food and service.	4
16710	No restroom bad service   	1
16711	Nice specialty coffee drinks!     	5
16712	Small place but clean and fast	4
16713	It came back! Hooray!!	5
16714	The burger looked nothing like the pictures	1
16715	Great service it was pretty quick.	5
16716	"The burgers just keeps getting smaller and smaller
And the price higher and higher"	1
16717	Very fast congratulations. Good team.	5
16718	"Doesnt matter where you go, always tastes awful"	1
16719	It's  McDonald's.  This  is  an excellent  example  of  McDonald's.  Nuf said	3
16720	the staff and management are all very friendly and professional	5
16721	Menu card is  growing very fast...	5
16722	"It's McDonald's, however, very, very slow service."	3
16723	The meth epidemic going on outside wasn't happening.	1
16724	Good and fast great mcdonald's	5
16725	Loud obxious mgrs screaming out orders	1
16726	One of the premier sites for Latin dancing in Southern California.	5
16727	Always fast friendly service :]	4
16728	Like the promo and the attention here in Burbank San Fernando blvd	5
16729	Typical McDonald's. Could be aa bit ccleaner.	4
16730	Great food at reasonable prices	5
16731	Dirty.  Tight parking lot.  Too many homeless people.	2
16732	No tomatoes!  Did not inform when ordering.	2
16733	Always A GREAT place to eat	5
16734	Didn't let me use my coupon	1
16735	"Convient, probably would avoid if it wasn't right there."	2
16736	It's pretty good but not good	1
16737	"Beebe enough parking,  very cramped little place,  Location Location Location though..."	3
16738	Its fast food. What else can you say?	3
16739	I just happen to love McDonald's	5
16740	Attendant didn't listen to what I ordered.	2
16741	"MAKE AMERICA FAT AGAIN
.
.
.
Oh I forgot America is already obese."	1
16742	Great place! Restrooms are clean!	4
16743	"This place is sooo busy, all the time"	3
16744	Very quick and friendly service.	5
16745	Very nice customer service	5
16746	Excellent place food fast..	5
16747	Local mccy d. So it always a good experience	5
16748	Welcoming and willing to accommodate most of the time   	5
16749	Too many homeless people close by.	3
16750	Good service but slow	4
16751	The staffs are very kind and helpful.	5
16752	The workers are no help and are rude	1
16753	Order fresh chicken hot and fresh    	3
16754	Love the manager lol	5
16755	Good service fast and friendly	5
16756	A little dirty. Tables never clean.	1
16757	This company screws the world with its artery choking grease burgers.	1
16758	Great people and very fast.	5
16759	I want my. BIG. MAC.  NOW. I. SAY. Lol	5
16760	there fast to serve you	5
16761	It         	5
16762	Small but great staff.	4
16763	Convenient fast food on the go.	4
16764	"horrible service fire the b,i,t,c,h"	1
16765	The parking and driving space in the parking lot is terrible.	3
16766	Average. Fries were cold and soggy.	3
16767	Good staff. Lots of homeless.	4
16768	It's macdonald's what can I say? Good	4
16769	Very good location and good service.	5
16770	This McDonald's is the best in all the valley	3
16771	Mcdouble was nice and hot	5
16772	Typical McDonald's food. Nothing special.	3
16773	Drive thru too slow	1
16774	Great for all family members.	4
16775	The manager was very nice	4
16776	McDonald is gross. I just ran in to pee	1
16777	Great fast service.	5
16778	"It's McDonald's, simple, fast and cheap."	4
16779	Mcdoubles for life!  Please....	5
16780	"Clean, friendly staff, quick."	5
16781	Great coffee with a special shot     	5
16782	Great place with delicious food	4
16783	Drive Through fast and efficient.	5
16784	Great as normal	5
16785	Great  f00d and love the work	5
16786	Kids love ice cream	5
16787	Quick with great deals	5
16788	Saw a bunch of rats inside.	1
16789	"Very small, unorganized and dirty."	1
16790	Closed for construction as of 5/20/21	5
16791	Limited parking and alot of traffic	2
16792	Trying to be helpful	4
16793	Clean food was fresh	5
16794	Good Ice Cream Sunday  	5
16795	Great service. English speaking.	4
16796	"Hot friez, reliably!"	5
16797	Fast n delicious	4
16798	"The best one, super clean"	5
16799	Small but nice place	5
16800	Ice cream broken al the time	3
16801	"Use the app, so much free stuff."	5
16802	Ok food ok price	3
16803	Good costumer service	5
16804	Very fast service	4
16805	1.09 soda any size!	5
16806	The place has character	4
16807	"""Ran out of straws""? Suspect"	1
16808	It's good for an emergency.	2
16809	Some one there was smelly	3
16810	Great service by cashier	5
16811	Good friendly food	5
16812	It      	5
16813	Had the Travis Scott Meal!	5
16814	Dirty bad customer service	1
16815	Homeless people all around.	1
16816	Always they make a mistake	2
16817	Love the quick service	5
16818	McDonald's is McDonald's. This is no different.	5
16819	The fries suck now	1
16820	"Breakfast on the go. Loads of salt,sugar."	3
16821	"Quick, food fresh, clean"	4
16822	The line is always too long	3
16823	Bad customer service.	2
16824	Good customer service..	5
16825	No outlets and to crowded	2
16826	Tables dirty	2
16827	Filthy dangerous lots of homeless	1
16828	Fast food anytime!	5
16829	The service was great	5
16830	Pretty decent for a McDonald's	4
16831	Very good food	5
16832	Cool	5
16833	Awesome.	5
16834	Very good	5
16835	It's fast food.	2
16836	Great place to eat	5
16837	they sell burgers here.	5
16838	Nice and cozy place	4
16839	The restroom always are in construction	3
16840	"beware, only accepts cash"	1
16841	McD's hit the spot.	5
16842	Long waiting time...	3
16843	Fast and good as expected	3
16844	It's McDonald's the nice place	5
16845	not bad ehh....	5
16846	Good looking workers	5
16847	Lazy late and wrong order!	1
16848	im fat now	5
16849	Uncooked foods.	1
16850	Pink slime. Yuck!	1
16851	Very clean and friendly	5
16852	Inconsistent  customer servicing!	2
16853	Nice small restaurant	5
16854	Wasn't as good as normal	2
16855	Fast drive thru	4
16856	Thank you Elastrada .	3
16857	Freshly made food.	4
16858	Worst ever had	1
16859	great for late bite	5
16860	Great coffee and burger	4
16861	Long wait	3
16862	Poor Customer Service	3
16863	Its right next to the campground	4
16864	My son favorite	5
16865	A little bit sketchy	3
16866	I love it	5
16867	S l o w	2
16868	I love it	5
16869	Sketchy but reliable.	4
16870	Their prices suck	1
16871	I love it	5
16872	I love mcdonalds	5
16873	"""I'm LOVING it""!"	5
16874	Open 24 hours!	5
16875	"same old same old, decades later"	3
16876	"Uncoordinated, rude and delayed"	1
16877	The service was slow	2
16878	Great service.	5
16879	To slow	3
16880	Service was good	4
16881	Meh.	3
16882	Good service..	4
16883	Yuck.	1
16884	Good service	4
16885	Friendly service	4
16886	I love McDonald's	5
16887	A classic	5
16888	It's Mickey D's...	3
16889	Great service	5
16890	Superb!!!	5
16891	love it	5
16892	Great service	5
16893	Great for maccas	5
16894	The French fries and the Breakfasts!!	5
16895	Great service.	5
16896	Quick service.	3
16897	I Love hamburger	5
16898	Great service	5
16899	Love it	5
16900	Its Micky D's	3
16901	Great breakfasts	5
16902	Same as any onther	5
16903	Very convenient.	3
16904	Great service	4
16905	This mornig was close.	2
16906	Always polite	5
16907	Play area for kids!!!	5
16908	Good place.	4
16909	Fast service!	4
16910	Gross Numb City.	1
16911	Bomb	5
16912	Fast and good	5
16913	Nice staff	5
16914	Booo	5
16915	Ok	5
16916	Ok	4
16917	The name says it all	5
16918	Good service	5
16919	FAST	5
16920	Delicious	5
16921	Good prices	5
16922	Fries!!!	5
16923	Quet	5
16924	Food was dry	3
16925	Always accommodating	5
16926	Good service	5
16927	Service horrible	1
16928	Delicious	5
16929	Still great	5
16930	Awesome	5
16931	Good	3
16932	Great	5
16933	Great	5
16934	Awesome	5
16935	Nice	4
16936	Yummy	4
16937	Fast service	5
16938	Awful	1
16939	Hot	5
16940	Tasty	4
16941	Fast	5
16942	Good	4
16943	Awful	1
16944	Fast service	4
16945	Great	5
16946	Slow	1
16947	Fast service	4
16948	Rude	1
16949	Blah	1
16950	Fast service	4
16951	Get the McLobster	5
16952	Open 24hours	4
16953	Good	5
16954	Good fastfood	4
16955	Fast service	4
16956	What you expect	5
16957	Nice place	5
16958	Breakfast	4
16959	Usual	4
16960	Friendly	5
16961	It was OK.	3
16962	SLOW SERVICE	3
16963	"The Big Mac never disappoints! It's the perfect combination of juicy beef, melted cheese, and tangy sauce."	5
16964	Not to crazy about	2
16965	It      	3
16966	To expensive	1
16967	"The fries were cold and soggy. Definitely not up to the usual McDonald's standard.
Negative: I found a hair in my burger! Absolutely disgusting. Never eating here again."	5
16968	#froyozombie	5
16969	It's a McDonald's	5
16970	McDonald's.   What more is there to say.	4
16971	Nice McDonald's	5
16972	Mediocre McDonald's	4
16973	It's McDonald's!	5
16974	It's a McDonald's!	3
16975	Its MacDonalds    	4
16976	Maccas is what it is	2
16977	Its a McDonald's.	3
16978	McLovin' it!	5
16979	It's McDonalds.	3
16980	Cheap food	5
16981	It's McDonald's.	3
16982	Fast food.	2
16983	It's McDonald's.	2
16984	Its McDonald's	5
16985	It's McDonald's	3
16986	McDonald's is McDonald's	4
16987	It's McDonald's	3
16988	McDonald's	5
16989	They allow you to order on the mobile app for pickup until 11 when they physically close their doors at 10 so you have to wait at a little window. Wouldn                           t have o	2
16990	"Super fast, what I liked is that they have several services, you can order online, buy through the screens or at the checkout   "	5
16991	Norm Gentle. Only as they see EBT begin to be baptized. There is a convenient podzhopnik in front of the cash register. Recommend to lean	5
16992	Too bad I only bought two coffees and it took me more than 19 minutes and they still moved me to the parking lot and then I had to return because they didn't take what I bought with them lousy service	2
16993	"The food was put in plastic bags and the steam was so hot that it came out as watery. They are supposed to have special delivery bags.

They put some of the food in plastic bags, causing the sweat from the heat of the food itself to cause it to arrive in a watery state. They are supposed to have delivery bags that are not plastic"	1
16994	Bad service                                      I asked for a double hamburger and they gave me one with only one m	1
16995	"Check orders! Sauces are not included.
Long time to cook"	2
16996	When you're hungry and don't want to waste any more time... Mc wins the jackpot!!  	5
16997	Very dirty everything and little staff	4
16998	"wow!! Very fast, friendly"	5
16999	"The person who took my order was not very friendly, I hadn't even finished ordering and told me...have a nice day..."	3
17000	I love your coffee	5
17001	"I did not like the format of the store, the bathroom is kept closed."	3
17002	Rico and his hot and delicious muffin sausages as always the only thing they don't put napkins or ketchup or spicy sauce	5
17003	My hotcakes with coffee            	5
17004	"Bad service and they always forget to put the complete order, there is always something missing even meat in the hamburger"	1
17005	"I bought two meals from them for my friends, and they gave me bread and cheese in exchange for meat. Hahahaha, and the account came out with 30 dollars. Damn the mother of fraud"	1
17006	"I ordered a fish burger and it only brings the bread, the fish and mayonnaise. I expected it to bring lettuce and tomato but no, I think it would be better with luchuga and tomato"	2
17007	Everything is fine and the lady with brown eyes is very kind and pretty	5
17008	A lot of homeless come in to ask for money.	3
17009	I made pleasure i just passing by...and i am breakfast...I made hispanic ppl...attending me.	5
17010	It is a good restaurant and by downloading the restaurant application you get good space.	5
17011	Every time the things are more refrigerated and the coffee is made to your ** taste	1
17012	I like it in El Salvador I could not go to the USA and not eat	5
17013	very fast service	5
17014	Very fast service friendly and fast staff	5
17015	Excellent service	5
17016	The toilets clogged the restaurant not top in cleanliness	3
17017	"Excellent service, tasty burgers and more, congratulations!"	5
17018	No-no-no-no-no THEY DEMOLISHED IT    	1
17019	It lacks a bit of speed when delivering the product	4
17020	Poor 	2
17021	not good parking	3
17022	The attention is very fast	5
17023	Very good	5
17024	Very good	3
17025	100% recommended	5
17026	Very good	5
17027	All good	4
17028	Very good	5
17029	I like coffee	5
17030	"Good weather, new furniture"	5
17031	so bad	1
17032	perfect breakfast	5
17033	good coffee	4
17034	Poor 	2
17035	Terrible	1
17036	"Excellent service, facilities and food."	5
17037	do they serve the food a little cold	3
17038	This rika the lunch	5
17039	Good service.	5
17040	Poor 	2
17041	calm and fast	4
17042	Neutral	3
17043	The best	5
17044	Neutral	3
17045	good service	5
17046	Excellent 	5
17047	Good quality	4
17048	Neutral	3
17049	Excellent 	5
17050	I did not like	1
17051	Excellent 	5
17052	Excellent 	5
17053	Pleasant	5
17054	Good 	4
17055	Excellent 	5
17056	Excellent 	5
17057	Excellent 	5
17058	A good place	4
17059	Excellent 	5
17060	Terrible	1
17061	Good 	4
17062	Excellent 	5
17063	Excellent 	5
17064	Good 	4
17065	Excellent 	5
17066	Excellent 	5
17067	Excellent 	5
17068	Excellent 	5
17069	Terrible	1
17070	Excellent 	5
17071	Neutral	3
17072	Good 	4
17073	Bad service	1
17074	Big	5
17075	Excellent 	5
17076	Terrible	1
17077	Poor 	2
17078	breakfasts	5
17079	Excellent 	5
17080	the coffee is good	3
17081	excellent	5
17082	Excellent 	5
17083	Excellent 	5
17084	Terrible	1
17085	Regular	3
17086	Neutral	3
17087	Neutral	3
17088	Neutral	3
17089	Excellent 	5
17090	Excellent 	5
17091	Excellent 	5
17092	Excellent 	5
17093	Poor 	2
17094	Terrible	1
17095	Good 	4
17096	Excellent 	5
17097	Excellent 	5
17098	Gooooddddd!!!	5
17099	Food!!!!	5
17100	Good 	4
17101	Neutral	3
17102	Prepapaaaahhhhpaaaahhh	5
17103	Excellent 	5
17104	Neutral	3
17105	Good 	4
17106	Good 	4
17107	Terrible	1
17108	Good 	4
17109	Good 	4
17110	Good 	4
17111	Good 	4
17112	Excellent 	5
17113	Excellent 	5
17114	Good 	4
17115	Poor 	2
17116	Neutral	3
17117	Excellent 	5
17118	Excellent 	5
17119	Excellent 	5
17120	Good 	4
17121	Good 	4
17122	Excellent 	5
17123	Excellent 	5
17124	Good 	4
17125	Excellent 	5
17126	Terrible	1
17127	Good 	4
17128	Excellent 	5
17129	Terrible	1
17130	Excellent 	5
17131	Neutral	3
17132	Terrible	1
17133	Excellent 	5
17134	Excellent 	5
17135	Good 	4
17136	Neutral	3
17137	Good 	4
17138	Excellent 	5
17139	Terrible	1
17140	Excellent 	5
17141	Good 	4
17142	Excellent 	5
17143	Good 	4
17144	Good 	4
17145	Good 	4
17146	Good 	4
17147	Excellent 	5
17148	Excellent 	5
17149	Excellent 	5
17150	Good 	4
17151	Excellent 	5
17152	Excellent 	5
17153	Neutral	3
17154	Excellent 	5
17155	Excellent 	5
17156	Excellent 	5
17157	Terrible	1
17158	Good 	4
17159	Excellent 	5
17160	Neutral	3
17161	Good 	4
17162	Excellent 	5
17163	Good 	4
17164	Excellent 	5
17165	Excellent 	5
17166	Good 	4
17167	Excellent 	5
17168	Good 	4
17169	Poor 	2
17170	Terrible	1
17171	Terrible	1
17172	Neutral	3
17173	Excellent 	5
17174	Excellent 	5
17175	Good 	4
17176	Good 	4
17177	Good 	4
17178	Good 	4
17179	Poor 	2
17180	Excellent 	5
17181	Poor 	2
17182	Neutral	3
17183	Good 	4
17184	Neutral	3
17185	Excellent 	5
17186	Excellent 	5
17187	Excellent 	5
17188	Excellent 	5
17189	Excellent 	5
17190	Good 	4
17191	Good 	4
17192	Excellent 	5
17193	Neutral	3
17194	Terrible	1
17195	Neutral	3
17196	Excellent 	5
17197	Excellent 	5
17198	Good 	4
17199	Good 	4
17200	Neutral	3
17201	Neutral	3
17202	Excellent 	5
17203	Excellent 	5
17204	Terrible	1
17205	Neutral	3
17206	Excellent 	5
17207	Excellent 	5
17208	Neutral	3
17209	Excellent 	5
17210	Good 	4
17211	Neutral	3
17212	Good 	4
17213	Good 	4
17214	Good 	4
17215	Good 	4
17216	Neutral	3
17217	Excellent 	5
17218	Excellent 	5
17219	Excellent 	5
17220	Excellent 	5
17221	Excellent 	5
17222	Excellent 	5
17223	Excellent 	5
17224	Good 	4
17225	Neutral	3
17226	Excellent 	5
17227	Excellent 	5
17228	Excellent 	5
17229	Good 	4
17230	Excellent 	5
17231	I eat at McDonalds about every 2-3 years.  I went in specifically for the boo pails and adult happy meal offer.  They did not have either offer even though they are advertised until 10/31.  I had a big Mac sandwich.  The 2 burger patties shrunk so much since I last had one 3 years ago.  They were literally burger chips.  Service was frieny and the restaurant was clean and decorated nicely.	3
17232	"Sold us some old food that my wife wouldn't eat, and was nasty                                     . Looks like they cooked it twice and it was so greasy. How do someone do this just to make the compa"	1
17233	"Wow 24 hrs BUT Wednesday night 9:30pm on 4/12/23 and no sign posted, despite what the manager insisted she was given a very small sign to display. Nope no sign nothing but a bunch a kids inside laughing it up at the line of paying customers who waited almost 20 minutes before a good customer let everyone else know. He actually was nice enough to knock on there window and ask."	3
17234	"Let me just say, I don't think I've ever gone out of my way to leave a review for a fast food chain. Especially not the biggest in the world. It's so easy to think of these places as just another installment in a gigantic corporation, but I think it's important to remember that these places are made up of the individuals who work there

For that reason, after coming here for a couple of years, I have to say that they do a phenomenal job. I only ever go through the drive-thru, but after being so used to no smiles, miserable demeanors and a lack of basic customer service skills (thank you, have a nice day), I need to shout out how friendly and consistent everyone at the drive-thru line is here.

The women who take your payment are always nice, and even the woman who hands out the food (usually a job where you will get absolutely zero smiles) is always so nice and genuine.

If somebody owns a business and is looking for a good customer service and people who will treat customers as expected, then give people a shot based on everyday encounters like these."	5
17235	The Spanish lady in the Drive thru was extremely rude. She was trying to charge me $9 for two sandwiches that clearly had a sign for 2 for $3.50. Unreal	1
17236	"This location was a pleasant experience and in the overnight shift no less. This is, in my recent experience with the fast food industry as a whole (excluding chick FIL a), a rare occurrence and I feel that I have to give some praise here."	5
17237	"Ordered mobile and drive through. They gave me the drive through order and then made me turn around and wait in behind multiple people again for the mobile order of a mcchicken. While waiting, I realized my first order was two sandwiches short. This used to be my fav McDonald              "	1
17238	Here you get hot food and friendly faces! We go there every first Saturday of the month.... And always have a good time.	5
17239	I'm not a McDonald's guy...but the food was hot..the fries were hot and crispy...my burger was hot and juicy and delicious...I'll come back	5
17240	"I was pleased with this McDonald's location all around. I got my food quickly, the service from the speaker to the drive through window cashier was great and my order was accurate."	5
17241	"Food was slow to get and cold. And if you don't ask, no butter for your muffin  and no ketchup.  Very sad who works there."	1
17242	"Fresh hot food! All items in order were correct and served quickly to our table. The cashier was polite and helpful.  My kids really enjoyed the updated play equipment inside their air conditioned play area.
11-2-22 ordered inside using the touch screen. Picked two happy meals(chose NO Toys) and a spicy chicken sandwich meal. Took our table tent to our table to dine-in. Received food shortly after. Happy meals had toys, one was missing its apples and I didn't get my drink. Every thing was corrected without issue, it would just be nice to get everything right the first time. It means to me that someone wasn't paying attention when they should have been."	5
17243	The prices for fast food are crazy. 1.75 for a large sweet tea?? McDonald's corporation is abusing customers for profit.	4
17244	Gave me the wrong breakfast sandwich this time. Ordered a sausage egg and cheese bagel and they gave me a bacon egg and cheese bagel. Still tasted good though	4
17245	How incompetent can you be when you have all this staff standing there and no one willing to help the customer- why does a manager have to tell their employees to help a customer?? You see a customer you help them..  On top of that                            a lady that put her order in the kiosk after I had given mine  was given her order first!!! We literally ordered almost the same things and she was helped before 	1
17246	System is randomly down at 11:45 at night and they can          	1
17247	Gotta come here on the late night. The two ladys at night that work till 7 am are the best. They are the most pleasant people EVERY TIME WE COME. The food is better. The fries are fresh. Double quarter pounder fresh.  Rose and  Mrs.Shamee the manager. We thank you so much.	5
17248	"Please make sure you check your order,  I was given the wrong order. I was almost home by the time I found out."	3
17249	"The absolute worst McDonald's I've ever dealt with. The most incompetent management I've ever experienced.
First 2 out of my last 3 breakfast orders were wrong. But didn't realize until I got to work. I cannot leave my job to go back.
Then today I got a steak, egg, and cheese bagel. Which was right with the exception of 2 long black hairs in it.
I stopped back on my way home and asked for a manager.
The first manager only asked for a receipt. She then left and got another manager. She was a heavy set black woman. She was the most ignorant, vile person that I've ever dealt with. Not even an apology. Her response was to bring it back? 5 hours later? When I said that was ridiculous, she closed the window and walked away. I asked for a corporate phone number and she refused.
I called and I can only assume it was the same ignorant woman because she put the phone down and left it off the hook.
I called again for the phone number and she said its on my receipt and hung up.
She is clearly incompetent and doesn't deserve her jib.
Funny thing is I didn't ask for anything free! An I'm sorry may have been enough.
But nothing even close. I would never recommend this dump of a McDonald's nor the clearly racist manager.
I will stop at nothing now to make sure she can't treat anyone like this again"	1
17250	"Whatever you do, do NOT go to this McDonald's location. There's a reason why I rated it one  and I can kindly explain why. While the food there is good, I simply cannot e at these people the same way anymore. A hour or two ago, I showed up to get some food and there was this one woman working behind the register (I don't remember her name, but I assume she was a manager or something. She was in a blue shirt and glasses and that's all I can remember). There was an annoying beeping sound that seemed concerning and I politely asked (key word here is ""politely"") them to investigate it and make it stop. They didn't bother to check it, which shows that they're neglectful of the resources around their workplace. The reaction I got from this woman was 100% disrespectful and told me to get out of her store and never come back and even tried to call 911 on me. It's pretty obvious that I caught this woman on a bad day. Clearly, I was furious because I felt like she was deliberately trying to get under my skin and using that to her advantage. You know what they call people like her? A bully. I was bullied by the manager because I had a concern that needed to be addressed. I was not trying to show up on this woman at any point during my visit. I was trying to be as lenient as I possibly could. If the woman I was referring to was actually a manager of this establishment, she needs to be put in her place because that's NOT how a manager should treat her customers. I do not like being antagonized, especially by an employee and it really showed during this visit. Come to think about it, I've been checking on other reviews of this location they all had numerous problems with this particular person. Obviously, I'm heartbroken because now I don't have anywhere to go to eat after my work shift. I'm only relegated to the Chick-Fil-A a minute down the road and even I know they have better hearts and respect than this woman did (and their food is also good). As a man diagnosed with autism, I strongly advise people to stay away from this location at all costs. If you really need to go to a McDonald's, steer clear of this location. It's not worth your time and it's not worth your sanity. Also, their drink machine has been broken and flat for at least a few months and they didn't fix that either. I will be contacting corporate about the antics going afoot at this location."	1
17251	It's mcdonalds. Nothing special but fast service. But along with every other fast food chain I get a terrible stomach ache but that's just me.	3
17252	"I got what I ordered wich was an ice coffe and one sausage burrito. There was no line how ever the attendant was not attentive causing my Check out time to be close to ten minutes for a very simple order I have to change my rating to one , shortly after eating my burrito I got very sick to my stomach."	1
17253	Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to and screwed up my entire order. Also waited 15 minutes and food was cold. Will never go back. Simple job yet these people are incapable.	1
17254	"Being a pregnant female the experience I had with working there just recently was very terrible I was treated very poorly by my managers and coworkers. I had only one break my entire shift which means I could only eat one time and my manager daisy made me take a break in the mornings which wasn                           t right, to eat early and then go hungry till I got off. Daisy was a very rude manager gave me a hard time on my 3 rd day I told them this was my first time working there never don                           t a job like this as a manager she should                           ve been more patient and had some respect. She even talked about me to her friends but would speak in her language so I wouldn                           t understand. Karen was another manager that was never the was training me and was pretty rude as well. Rachel was another. I would like to sue for discrimination against my pregnancy and harsh treatment during my time working there. I felt very uncomfortable. The Hispanic females that work there are like the ones in charge they even take mini breaks but I only had one my whole shift pregnant female standing in one spot for the whole day the only person that was nice was Kimberly . I will be sueing this company and I should press charges against nicki Nelson."	1
17255	"Food was got, fresh, and fast.   Also, the ice cream machine works.   "	5
17256	Very cold hash brown. Egg mcmuffin not so great either	1
17257	"Ordered via the kiosk.

Looks like management has posted a sign, order via kiosk to get a free cookie. My order didn't contain one. I asked the associate, she was puzzled. They had to discuss with 3 other folks and finally one of them gave one with complete displeasure.

Kiosk didn't give a paper bill to provide a direct feedback. With modern tech, they should switch to a sms or email for whoever wants a digital copy."	2
17258	I ordered breakfast sandwiches and hash browns. It was 12 in the afternoon so I didn't mind pulling to the side to wait. After 15 minutes no one had come out yet. I went inside and by the time I talked to the manager it had been 20 minutes. She told me it was my fault because I ordered breakfast at noon and was INCREDIBLY rude with an unbelievable attitude. I told her I wanted my money back. She ignored me. Five minutes later I ted asking every employee if I could have my money back. The manager first ignored me and then ted yelling. I finally had to call my wife inside to deal with her because she was so unprofessional. 30 minutes had gone by at this point. Worst run restaurant I've ever been to.	1
17259	"Ordered a burger at the drive-through. I was made to wait for 20 minutes and when the food came I was given the wrong order. I brought it inside to talk the employees so I could get the correct food. I spoke with the manager and she was unbelievably rude. Acted like it was my fault that my daughter was given the wrong burger. I finally was given the right burger but I have no idea why the manager made it such an awful experience.
To top it off, I walked into the bathroom. There was someone sitting in the stall. He flushed and walked out. He was an employee and he didn't wash his hands. Just walked out of the bathroom and when I came out he was making burgers. Disgusting!"	1
17260	"Came in this morning with low expectations. I rarely do reviews, but I felt compelled to do so after my expectations were blown away. Friendly greeting, clean restaurant,  more of a Cafe feel than fast food. Food came out hot, fresh, and visually as nice as on the commercials. Unexpectedly pleasant experience.  Give this nanagrr a raise."	5
17261	This McDonalds on Blackwood Clementon Rd is very unprofessional and I won't be going back there! The staff are clueless about their job and they are rude.	1
17262	"My favorite time there is around 730am. The hispanic girls who work there are very nice, funny, and friendly!  They even bring the food out to your table when its ready."	5
17263	Floor soapy! We were here for an hour or so and the floor was soapy and slippery the whole time like they used too much soap in the mop bucket. Watched someone slip in the entryway.  Employees didn                           t care.  Food and play place a	1
17264	"Just don't. The manager on tonight was not helpful. I waited forever to order at the drive up spot. Than waited well over 5 mins then to pay and there was only 1 car besides me in line and they waited a while to pay as well.  Then to not get my order properly made and then was told my order was made correctly and that next time I would be charged extra for what they had to do, which was to make my order right !

I asked for a macchiato.  Got a large cup of sugar and cream WITH A SQUIRT OF ESPRESSO. I wanted macchiato not a cup of creamer and sugar. I asked for more espresso to be added and got attitude about it and was told they would have to charge me more next time FOR THE ESPRESSO! They clearly do not realize what an macchiato is! It has espresso in it and not just a 7th of cup of espresso! Manager was not helpful. Said that's the way its made. I said no its not. I've been to many other McDonald's and this isn't how they make it. I also have had this at a lot of other coffee places and that what they gave me wasn't a macchiato. He said I work at 3 other McDonald's no its not. So I told him which one I like to go to that makes it right. So then he proceeds to say we'll that is how our machine makes it. Didn't want to help. Just argue and get rid of me. I didn't appreciate being treated like I was and that I would be charged for wanting espresso in my drink that is supposed to have espresso!
Could tell they were not having a good night and dint seem to care to make things right and wanted  to just get rid of me.So I took my stuff and  left."	1
17265	This used to be a great store. But recently they can                           t make frappe                           s. Sad to not be able to fill 	2
17266	"I was waiting at 10.55pm and the lady said wait to me, and then after 7 minutes she said, I cant take your order. I explained my self I said                    was waiting 5 minutes for you and she said it doesnt matter me. Very disrespectfull gi"	1
17267	"Tried to order something at the drive thru around 11pm and was given zero response during the 20 minutes that I waited. According to what it says online, the place was suppose to be open til 12am and yet I couldn't get a order in around 11pm. I sometimes wonder if the owner knows that they been closing up earlier than usual."	1
17268	I hate McDonald's ever since they got rid of the breakfast bagel sandwiches lol was the only decent food left that I liked. But decent fries and sundaes. Only went cause my daughter asked for something.	2
17269	Great kids area. There is a little toilet for toddlers inside the play place.	5
17270	Service was quick despite longer line. Order has always been correct. Staff is friendly.	4
17271	Usually come here because they have their stuff together. Today was the exact opposite. Hit the drive through for 2 things and it took over 30 minutes. Had to wait in the parking lot for a big mac meal and a happy meal???	2
17272	I just ordered from door dash and this McDonald's sent my sons hotcakes with no butter or syrup. They didnt even send jelly for the biscuits?? Just disappointed that's all. Have a good day.	2
17273	"went to drive thru around 10pm last night
we clearly ordered 5 Deluxe Crispy Chicken Sandwichs and 1 Double Quarter Pounder with 3 fries
The guy messed up and gave us 4 crispy chickens (the smaller ones), 1 quarter pounder (also smaller), and almost mistakenly charge us with 30 fries (this was sorted out though)

overall negative experience idk if it's an issue with the mic but if that's not the case I would like the workers to be better trained..."	3
17274	"this location regularly overcharges. in  a two week period, members of this household were charged $4.25 for large fries, and $9 for a filet o fish meal. this is not the first time this location has done this, but it will be the last time"	1
17275	They missed up my kids food. I called them about it and when in the next and the manger (male) was very nice even gave me food for my inconvenience.	3
17276	They didn't have biscuits & gravy and when I asked for it they treated me like I was stupid.	3
17277	This was a good McDonald                           s. I                           m not sure if it was 	4
17278	"Haven't had a messed up order yet, and this location is quick! They handle the volume at peak hours very well. Employees are kind and patient."	5
17279	"To be clear, the rating of 4 is perhaps generous (I debated between 3 and 4), but I ate at this McDonald's pretty late, so I'll assume the staff was just tired and ready to go home. The place was fairly clean, and service wasn't terrible, but it wasn't stellar either. They originally forgot the cookies my friend ordered, and when they did get them for him, the didn't have all 3 chocolate chip, so they gave him 2 of those and 1ugar cookie. I understand that, but rather than just telling him, ""Hey, we got you 2 of those and 1 of these,"" they should have asked, ""Since we only have 2 chocolate chip, can we give you those and 1ugar cookie?"" That's just polite. Also, the ketchup was out, even though they clearly weren't busy. All this being said, they took the order quickly, apart from that were friendly enough, and got the food out fast without any mistakes (apart from that). If I'm in the area, I might stop by, but the McDonald's in Marlton is much better."	4
17280	The manager Ikea is awesome she provides great customer service she make sure that all her customers are taken care of properly and I just love her friendly friendly Behavior to make sure my food was hot and it got to me quickly I'm happy to see that they are allowing people to eat in now I thought it was rather disturbing closing off the dining room area so I'm very happy about that part	4
17281	"This store is CONSTANTLY busy! Not the store's fault, but on top of that they can't seem to get an order right. If I'm paying $12 for a messed up meal then I'll just get a real burger elsewhere, for less."	3
17282	"I'd like to t by saying I always go in to place my order because no matter where I go, my order gets messed up, maybe its because I don't like cheese. I went in to place my order and head towards the counter, an employee standing in between the kiosks points me towards them. I said to her I only place my food order with humans. The employee heads towards the register to take my order. She says she hopes she can use it. She took my order but had to have help. I didn't mean to be flippant but I said ""so you're job is to help people at the kiosks?"" She said yes. The food was ok, the place was clean but my point here is, this is what's going to happen with a 15 dollar  minimum wage. One person will be employed to oversee the kiosks but people lost their jobs already and replaced by machines. I'd rather keep a human working than have them replaced by a machine, not to mention how many germs are on said machine that they want you to order food from. About a month ago there was a story on the news that almost 99 percent of kiosks tested (everywhere) had a presence of fecal matter. So no kiosks or self checkout for me."	3
17283	"The order clerk and her Manager Nikki refused to give me a glass for water, accusing that I might steal soda.  Should I stop giving McDonalds $20 daily business and another $100 for my team because of Nikkis horrible accusatory stance?  The main manager should be fired for not training customer unfriendly Nikki."	1
17284	"I ordered Mcnuggets. They were okay. At least I thought. But by the time I arrived home, my stomach was bubbling. Had to move like lightening to get to the bathroom. Barely made it. I will never order from or eat there again."	1
17285	Excellent new children's play area.  Very inexpensive kids meals.  We were served within 3 minutes of our order going in.  Not a lot of people-kids there which was even better.  Just wish the menu was a little more adult oriented.	4
17286	"I mean it's  McDonald's. I typically try to stay away from McDonald's but it was the only place open in my area at 1130pm. And no body has sprite like McDonald's usually.The fries were fresh. Definitely should not have eaten the ""beef""             will definitely have your stomach doing jumping Jack's. Lord I bout died on that plane ride back home trying not to traumatized the other passengers and if the sprite doesn't taste like battery acid then it's not McDonald's my sprite was definitely missing the acid"	4
17287	"Since the kiosk was introduced into the restaurants, the staff does not even acknowledge your presence. Plus, they are over-staffed. There are so many servers bringing food to the tables that they bump into each other and customers constantly. And the overcrowded staff in the back looks like pure chaos. I went to the register to place my order cause I prefer to talk to a human being, and the counter person told me to ""go use the kiosk. I'm busy."" There is no organization and order, just chaos and confusion. With all the extra staff and the introduction of the kiosks, service is even slower than before and they still get it wrong!"	1
17288	"Absolutely horrible place. They have people working the drive-thru speaker who can barely speak English, get the order wrong, and are not polite.  When I have ordered here, they mess up the order almost every time.  I wonder if there is a manager here because the employees seem more intent on fooling around and laughing than paying attention to their customers.  They need to get things straightened out and realize that if they don't provide better service, they will go out of business.  I will not return to this one and go to the McDonald's on Route 70 instead."	1
17289	"I was not given a receipt otherwise I would've complained privately.

I pulled into the drive thru around 2:50 PM. It was about a one or two minute wait before me and the woman in the second drive thru lane were answered. Before that, someone must have accidentally switched their headset on because all I heard was a lot of laughing and talking in the background.

When I pulled around to pay, the woman at the first window wasn't able to locate my order for a moment. But she triple checked to make sure that what she had was accurate. So I paid, received my change, and she shut the window without another word (or my receipt.)

I pull up to the next window to get my food and drinks. The girl at that window double checked which order was mine, then handed me my food. Even though I ordered a large Coke, I was given a medium Coke but didn't see any use in complaining because I didn't want to hold her lane up.

When I pulled away, I ted eating my medium fry only to discover that the top fries were over salted and mushy. I figured they must've got mixed in with the fresh fries and kept eating. I was wrong. They only got worse. They got mushier and more stale. Like someone had reheated them in a microwave. Absolutely disgusting. I was too annoyed at that point to turn around and go all the way back. I don't expect fries to be perfect all the time, but I do expect not to get the fries that should've been written off as waste.

The only reason that I'm doing 2 instead of 1 is because the teens here are very nice. They go above and beyond to make sure everything is okay. Especially when I'm inside using the kiosk. But something about food quality and drive thru efficiency needs to be revamped. This isn't the first time I've received stale fries or had an order done incorrectly at this location. I only come here because this is the only McDonald's on my route that doesn't put me out of the way, but the lack of efficiency is seriously frustrating."	2
17290	Very loud. The managers kids and grandkids were running around the place and causing a mess. Very loud and took forever to get my food. I did not like this place one bit. Maybe if the kids weren't running around doing whatever they wanted itd be better. I recommend going to a different McDonald's their are a few others near by.	1
17291	"I am a kitchen manager somewhere, i know how important is to keep our customers happy and give a good server, today i was with my family in this so we decided to eat there so my  conclusion is that I got a great service and good food all your employees did amazing job  by the way all of them were women, my family and i had a great moment and meal. THANK YOU SO MUCH"	5
17292	I work around the corner from this particular location. My coworkers were all excited to see the newly renovated location. I usually don't get fast food but I really wanted a milkshake before work. How do you redo the entire building but you still don't have any milkshakes?! I should've taken the extra drive and gone to Chick fil A.	2
17293	"These are the slowest off-task workers I've ever seen. I stop here multiple nights a week for coffee and a bite. It's always ""can you please pull around""...IT'S ONLY ME IN LINE! For what? A coffee and fries."	1
17294	"This location is ok. When I was there last week, was told to go to first window to pay. No one was there, waited a few and no one came so I pulled up to the next window.  ( Payment was to be made at the first window). Then they get my order wrong. I was missing a drink and given an extra fri. So I had one person with no drink and Fri's that no one wanted. When I told the girl I was missing a drink she just ed at me like I was speaking another language. I left unhappy.
Went back a few weeks ago, my husband's burger was raw inside. For convenience on my way home today, ordered 3 meals. Asked the lady at the Drive-Thru to double check. She looked inside,said yes it's all there. Git home.... Missing a burger."	1
17295	"There was hair in my food so i took it back and when i told the manager she said to me, "" theres no possible way there could be hair in our food."" I laughed and said well i dont see a hairnet on your head and she ted yelling and arguing with me about giving me my money back. She finally gave it back after arguing the point with me while i had a whole line behind me. Ignorant and you do not treat customers like that. Period. Why would i lie about hair being in my food anyway? We were traveling i did not want to turn around. Haha what a joke. Thank god i never have to go there again. I dont live anywhere near there."	1
17296	The McDonald's on Haddonfield Berlin Road in Voorhees is the worst place ever to get food I've ordered from there and they charge my credit card almost $40 and only gave me half my order and never gave me my receipt so I have no way to get the food or get the money back. So I would advise people to take as much time as you need in the Drive-Thru to make sure you have all your food that you actually ordered	1
17297	Be careful the cashier tried to charge extra and didn                           t fill in the full order.  Had missing. things. On top the cashier got upset for asking for missingthings.  The	1
17298	"I didn't hate it, I hit the wrong end of the s. It was very good. My cheeseburger was good and my fries were nice and hot, just the way I like them. So I gave them 5!"	5
17299	"burgers are like rubbers, they taste awful, i felt i am eating not fresh bread. chicken was stretchy , looks like it was made to last for ever."	2
17300	"They're always clean, the food is so fresh.  There's usually always a line but it's worth it if you want your food fresh and hot!  All staff is nice!"	5
17301	I got dinner at the drive through tonight and got 2 orders of the bacon cheese fries when I got home and opened them there was a smallest amount of cheese and no bacon at all.. I also got an Oreo McFlurry and was handed it with the lid halfway off and it wasn                           t mixed.. when I asked if it was gonna her mixed she said not yet than finally took it back and mixed it all while looking very c	2
17302	We waited for 5 minutes in the drive thru to be told they didn         	1
17303	"This my first week in America from Novosibirsk Russia. Lady who yell at me like Sargent Captain in Spetsnaz. Cheeseburger have cheese I eat and got lot onion. Lady in front speak Russian, so she is sweetheart. I taste better food in Russia when I sent to the detention center but American love Cheeseburger very FAT!            "	5
17304	"Seriously 9 out 10 times they tend to forget at least one thing.... I go there cause it's a driving convenience but honestly,  I'd rather drive the extra 15 minutes knowing that I wouldn't have to turn back once I get my order. The kids that work there are nice, the ""manager Jesus"" bit of an attitude."	1
17305	"For a McDonald                           s, I                           m actually very impre"	5
17306	They messed up a simple order like a four piece Chicken Mcnugget and a beverage. The young lady taking the order misunderstood me when I be asked for a Orange drink and charged for a Orange juice. So when I went to the window I thought the order was confirmed and corrected and the price was lowered but to no avail when I received my beverage it was a Orange soda. I wet around the drive through again spoke to the manager and she apologized. Last visit to this McDonald's.	1
17307	"This is the most unprofessional McDonalds I have EVER ordered from. I ordered using uber eats and when my food arrived it was packaged with stickers stuck all around the bag where as I could barely open the bag. There is a gaping hole in the bag and this is not even to mention the poor quality of the food. Half of the food was cold, my hashbrown was crushed and bent, and my sandwich was poorly packaged. No care went into the process of my order. I do not recommend anyone to purchase anything as little as a water bottle from this establishment. I am sick to my stomach at the fashion my food was given to me in. NEVER AGAIN!"	1
17308	"Hi,

I have just purchased medium fries and large chocolate shake. I did not feel hygiene because they are cleaning their kitchen and they are serving at the same time with the same unclean hands without washing and without having gloves. Guys please maintain some hygiene levels while serving customers.  "	1
17309	"Drive thru line was pretty long.  Put on my mask and walked in. Ordered and item was in a bag ready to go in 2min.
New pastries are wonderful."	4
17310	"My old clock on August 23, 2017"	5
17311	"Your company is advertising support for front line workers but your company is very disrespectful to people who are helping others. I was rushing from one state to another state to help disable children, stopped for breakfast at this location. I was told to wait so the person in drive thru could take another person's order who came after me. The person never came back on to help me even after me steady saying hello and waiting. I was about to be late for work so I left and went to dunkin donuts.You guys should NEVER advertise free meals for front line workers when its clearly a lie. There is no support."	1
17312	Had the longest wait of my life for some cheap food. Not only was the wait long for everyone but whoever was working that day gave zero Fs because they kept giving me the wrong order and just told me to move up and then proceed to hand me a bag that they already handed to someone else that I saw digging thru it. Mind you fries are all over the place and I                           m happy to enjoy a meal that                           s been on someone else    	1
17313	Nasty foul odor of chinese food overtook the place upon entering and in entire lobby. Employees must've had massive chinese take out order leading to the offensive odor. I lost my appetite and will avoid this location like corona virus.	1
17314	"Newly renovated, it's all shiny and new. I like the self-ordering kiosks they're putting in McDonald's; speeds everything up once you get the hang of it.
The chocolate shake had both vanilla and chocolate; I liked it that way but they really should get that fixed. Going back for a bacon big Mac."	4
17315	"Best bagels, great quick service with a smile! Always on my way to work and the food and service is on point! We Voorhees Township girls love it!,"	5
17316	"I went to the McD's on Rt 561 at (Roughly) 21:45hrs to get a 1/4 pounder meal with a milkshake. During the ordering, a woman loudly voiced acrossed the floor to the young lady assisting me that she is NOT to take ANY ice cream orders after 21:30.
The employee was as stunned as I and ask why and in an Arrogant voice. She said ""its because we GOTZ ( gotz) to clean the machine"" Well I felt this was rude and followed up with a question to this woman. I asked,  what if I get here at 21:45 and ask for a milkshake. She again in an Arrogant voice responded with, "" you aintz getting it"" ( aint'z) ( The rest of the staff laughed when she made this comment)
After all this and being made to wait 15 minutes for my order, I requested a refund and to speak to the manager. I was told by this woman that no manager was available.
So I went back the next day to report this incident, I ask the front customer representative to speak with a manager. Oddly enough, she directed my attention to the woman that I had this encounter with the night before.
So not only did I get HORRIBLE customer service in a language and tone that was less than professional, I was lied to as the customer service rep..AKA Manager Nicky was available the whole time.
If Nicky is the Manager and is leading that team, it won't be long until that location ts losing customers as they just loss 1...

I would go elsewhere to eat!"	1
17317	"Ok, here goes... I stopped into the location on Rt73 in west Berlin NJ  for lunch today. The drive through line was super long so I parked and went I side. I ordered a number 5 (artisan chicken sandwich) meal. I paid, waited like 15 minutes, they called my number and I brought my ticket to the counter and took my bag. I got to work and found out I didn't get a chicken sandwich but instead I got a big mac. Which normally wouldn't be an issue but I hate big macs, I've gotten sick eating one before and ever since I can't even look at a big mac without getting sick to my stomach. Needless to say I wasn't happy. I threw the bag in my car and went on with the rest of my work day... on the way home I stopped back in and brought the bag of food back to McDonald's. The manager named Rebecca came to the counter and I told her what happened and I showed her all of the food I got and explained to her what I was supposed to get.(keep in mind I didn't even touch a fry) She was super rude to me and said she can't do anything because I didn't save my receipt. I don't know about anyone else but I always hand my ticket in when they call my number to prove that it's my food they're handing out. And I asked her what's the difference between a receipt and the untouched food that I brought back? I asked for a refund because I was no longer hungry, she said no, I asked for a new meal, after 5 minutes of her spouting off why she couldn't make it right, she finally gave in and walked away from me huffing and puffing and yelled to the back ""make an artisan chicken sandwich"" so a couple minutes later someone put a bag with just the sandwich in it on the counter and I asked where the fries were and she said, ""there was nothing wrong with the fries earlier, just the sandwich"" so this miserable poop butt of a manager refused to give me fresh French fries with my sandwich and handed me back the old fries from 6 hours ago. She took this whole interaction so personal and was acting like the money was coming out of her pocket. My final argument was asking her if she thought I was lying and did she think I made the big mac and fries at my house and brought it in to pull one over on her? What a horrible experience. It sucks when you get 30 minutes for lunch and you're ving and wind up not being able to eat and it's someone else's fault. You want someone to make it right. Instead this manager who gets to use her little bit of power to make up her own rules and make it difficult for you. Like it would of ruined her entire life to fix their error and make it right. It just sucked, I'll NEVER go back there just because of her. And I hope no one else will either. That's how pissed if this whole mess made me..."	1
17318	"It's McD's. Service here is always good, but quality is variable. It's usually good, but sometimes it's off... Bun is stale, fries are cold. Employees seem a notch above usual fast food.

Update Oct 2019: Last three times I've been, my Quarter Pounder bun has been stale and the ""never frozen"" patty was over-done and served way too fast to be cooked-to-order.  Disappointed that their quality is going down-hill.  The never-frozen 1/4 pound patties are worlds better than the frozen ones when they're cooked properly."	4
17319	New experience was lil different have to get use to new set up you can take your own order and not speak to one person. Depending on type of person you are this is a plus. People like me like to keep it moving no rap!!!!	3
17320	First time at this location. Very clean and fast. They recently updated kids play area and lobby. The play area has a large tablet for kids to play at NO CHARGE! As well as a few other new items.	5
17321	Too much salt was dying of thurst after	1
17322	"The drive through was very quick (the fastest I've experienced in many years - think NASCAR pitstop), the order was accurate, and the food was fresh & tasty."	5
17323	Always a good value.Use the APP and save.Big Mac	5
17324	"The food is good. Sometimes the box of the large fries is not full and looks like a medium fries and they close diner in when the workers want (1 hour before), even if the schedule say is til 11 p.m."	3
17325	I ordered the Travis Scott meal which is simply the best as far as I'm concerned and they forgot my fries but no worries I called them they immediately are willing to fix it so I'm happy and yes I'll go back to that McDonald's in bordentown	3
17326	"We went there tonight to get food for our family. The order was all messed up and the buns on all the sandwiches were hard as rocks.
Very disappointed in McDonald's.... I really like McDonald's but it looks like I'm going to have to t going to Burger King again    "	1
17327	"Inside was faster than drive thru. Clean, fast, and accurate with my order. I would go to them again."	5
17328	"I haven                           t been able to be in since the remodel has been completed. I really remember that the food was delicious & the Mc frappes were excellent & delicious. Even the coffee, tea,  & soda as well. Maybe it        "	5
17329	"Typical MickyD's nothing spectacular. I ordered through the app for curbside pickup. We weren't given any straws for our drinks and my husband had to go in and get some. Also I had asked for no pickles or onions, and guess what they were on my burger."	3
17330	Very clean store. Staff was excellent!	5
17331	"I went to McDonalds for lunch with my 2 little kids and Laurie took my order. One of the items I ordered was 2 cheeseburgers with NO MUD.  She missed the request for NO MUD, but I noticed the omission when she handed me my receipt. When I told her that I ordered my cheeseburgers with NO MUD, her reply was ""No, you didnt.""  After that customer service blunder, she agreed to tell the person preparing my cheeseburgers not to put mud on them.  Once we got our food, I had the unique experience of listening to her berate her cooking staff because they weren't going fast enough for the next 20 minutes while me and my 2 kids were trying to enjoy our meal. I will find another McDonalds to go to next time."	1
17332	the heavy set woman with the short cut quick weave with glasses is very rude and miserable looking . i stood there waiting on the doordash order for 20 min and she didnt ask how could she help me she didn't say anything  she was skipping over the doordash order  and just let me stand there then when the order was done she threw the bag	2
17333	"A group of friends (6 of us total) were kicked out shortly after eating due to the ""store manager's orders"". Their rule is ""5 kids in the restaurant at a time"" because of an incident that happend a week ago where kids made a mess and broke a salt shaker. Two out of the group left and it was us 4itting there, having casual conversation in the side of the restaurant, and a second lady came up to us and asked us to leave again, because ""football kids are coming in"" and that there were too many kids at one time. Keep in mind we were not disrespectful or disruptive, McDonalds was just a place to eat, not hang out or lounge in our free time. Nearing adulthood, I felt very offended and quite frankly disrespected by store management AND their employees. Oh, I also waited 10 minutes for my 20 piece nugget and medium fries."	1
17334	"This was the worst experience,has very young,childish,and incompetent people working here, messed up our simple order 3 times,overcharged  me-given no refund-but given attitudes galore!why,because mgr?was busy.... dealing with another angry customer...behind me,said too busy to refund .deal with me when asked,due to that!wth!I'm Calling corp.for my refund. Treated poorly, barely apologized,terrible cust.serv.and fries were cold,burgers bland!:/ no condiments given either!
5 min drive thru,ended up 30 minute ordeal!"	1
17335	"Staff is polite.  Took away two s cause in the few times I've gone my drive thru order has been consistently wrong, even after confirming the order."	3
17336	Everytime i come to this mcdonalds my order is never ready when i pull up to the window and they are always parking me on a good note fries was hot	3
17337	Best customer service around    	5
17338	Hard working team!! I stop by during the morning shifts and they are always professional. They need a raise!	5
17339	Never eating here again was on my lunch break staff ignored me after I ordered and I waited 30 minutes for my food I ended up having to leave without eating just to get back to work I only ordered 2 large fries and a smoothie how hard is that?!	1
17340	McDonalds is my go to fast food restaurant. It has been the only place since my son was a baby that we have been able to go to get a quick bite to eat due to his severe dairy allergy. Yes they have a dairy free meal for him and for me a gluten free meal. A match you can't beat. I won't say how old my son is but McDonalds has been ahead of their time for over two decades now when it comes to having special meals. It's been a great place for our family to go.	5
17341	"Breakfast this morning-sausage mcmuffin with egg, hash brown, and orange juice. Great service."	5
17342	Had a great time at a fundraiser.	5
17343	"Predictable. Mediocre food. Arrogant manager. Incompetent staff. They dropped part of my order, did not charge me for it, and woukd not restore it. And got sauces wrong."	2
17344	"Just left this location during a very slow time, cashier had absolutely no patience, not helpful when I tried to use the app, had a terrible attitude, didn                           t even wait for me to finish ordering before she ted taking the next order beh"	1
17345	Very clean. The staff was extremely friendly. The cashier went out of his way to get my kids happy meals before 11am which was super awesome of him.	5
17346	The young lady working on Monday January 27th at 9pm at the register gave me back wrong change. She then became hostile and took very long to get the manager. We then left because we had enough. Learn to count back change and go back to math class.	1
17347	Missing item from my order. I call them tell them that one of my item is missing. They offer me to come back to get it but I am 2 miles away. I am not coming back for it.	2
17348	This Mcds is average. Ok service with ok food. Nothing exceptional with this Mcds.Only positive is they seem to be slightly faster than most but on a negative I ask for a type of salad dressing I usually get the wrong dressing. Happened multiple times.	2
17349	"First, YOU have to place YOUR order on the kiosk. Then wait almost 20 minutes for your food because everyone is taking care of the drive-thru. Lol, I went in trying to avoid the long line at the drive-thru and ended up waiting longer."	2
17350	This place is a disaster waiting to happen the fish filet was drenched!! I'm talking soaking in tartar sauce not sure whos poop list I was on but it was deffinately intentional and unnecessary and more so (obvious) not to mention we waited for about 30min just to place an order ...the people smile so 1  for effort Mainly because you have no clue what your about deal with if you assume everything's ok smh avoid this place at all cost! Word to the wise ....	1
17351	"The staff here, albeit like most McDonald's, is packed with teenagers. However, I've found them to be respectful, and polite. I've never had an issue with an order, or service."	4
17352	"Food not good
Fries were cold had to get them to give me hot fries.  Still warm"	1
17353	The new renovations for this location look amazing.  Touch screen ordering makes sure I can get exactly what I want.  The new play area looks like a blast!	5
17354	Food was great service was fast and workers were friendly	5
17355	"The food was okay. The staff was very friendly. But after I ordered at the counter I turned around to see a roach or beetle thing. Then when I sat down to eat, in the restaurant that had no air, I saw a huge spider in the window and copious amounts of crumbs and food being carried around by ants."	2
17356	The drive through line was extremely slow and they had the second lane lit up but didn't  wait on anyone. I sat there waiting then finally gave up because when I went to go in the other lane I had to go ba k around the building and by the time I got there there were 4 more cars ahead of me now.	2
17357	"Worst experience ever, none of them could help with the menu, I do love Spanish people, but ! those are so fresh and so arrogant, never again    "	1
17358	Has a nice playground for the kids. Very clean on the inside. Workers are very friendly. The bathroom could be a little cleaner and more appropriate for children to wash their hands.	4
17359	Closes at 10:45p on saturday not midnight. Generally incompetent staff and very slow. Rarely is food cooked right either undercooked or overcooked. They always get the items right. A few times there were  friendly staff. I wouldn't go there if you can avoid it.	1
17360	"Friendly staff and a clean restaurant, the food is great. Awesome place to bring kids. I just wish this one had a covered playground like the other locations."	5
17361	I go to this McDonalds a couple times a week I am addicted to the sweet tea lol this is the only McDonalds I will get sweet tea at as I have never gotten a bad one here trust me you can tell if a place cleans there ice tea bins because the tea will taste bad that never happens here. Their food is really good also.	5
17362	Workers are very rude wait to long to  take order and get food !!	3
17363	"First off I was rushed in drive thru, today November 21st around lunch time, I was cut off when I asked what other diet soda was available, my father's diabetic, when I got to the first window, an African-American just pushed his hand out the window and didn't say hello or even tell me the price and I had to ask him so that I could get the exact change for him. When I have him the money he snatched it from me. I will never come back to this McDonald's again, staff/service is horrible! Wish I could give NO S. Smh"	1
17364	Always Fresh and Hot Food ...Great Customer service..!!!	5
17365	Very clean ..	4
17366	"Quick service at drive thru, and dine in area is always clean."	5
17367	"I have not been on the inside of a McDonald's in years. What a great surprise! It had a minimalist vibe, technologically up to date, was clean and the service was quick."	4
17368	Horrible service.  They have two lines but servers choose to only service one line and customers are left waiting with no answer.  I waited a half hour with no way to back up or get out of line	1
17369	Food was fresh its always aline Sunday mornings but service is good and fast.. Best of all Fresh Fries everytime I went..	5
17370	"First time at this particular restaurant.  I found the food hot, and the counter help friendly and efficient."	4
17371	"I only purchased a soda, but everyone is very friendly every time I go There..     "	5
17372	Staff are very courteous and polite.	5
17373	"Standard McDonald's food, staff unusually attentive and polite. Seating area clean and well stocked. Bathrooms a little less so. Parking is abundant."	4
17374	"Always friendly service, hot & fresh fries, and order is always correct. It's nice having consistency from this McD's!"	5
17375	ordered fries it took awhile I'm fine with that because she made them fresh...clean restaurant an friendly service	5
17376	One of few times I will give a McDonald's 4.  I hade 2 different employees ask to take my order inside.	4
17377	Sexy ginger bartender set us straight. We had a blast. He was exceptional just like his drinks	5
17378	The staff on the drive thru don't have patience.	2
17379	What do u wanna know... It's fast food. Watch super size me. Then the sequel. Might not want to eat so much of this stuff considered food. Just saying	3
17380	"Came for lunch awaiting Dr appt. As I use a walker, the staff at register without prompting was so helpful in carrying my tray & filling my beverage to the table of my choosing. Thank you for your attention to people with disabilities. 5s to you!"	5
17381	"As usual they dont listen to you when you make your order, they just give you what they feel like at the time, and they want $15 per hr/ JOKE!! Maybe they robots will get it right!!"	2
17382	Jossie is the best of the best! Make her the Boss of the Bosses if she isn't already. Her charisma and willingness to take care of her customers makes her and her staff the most outstanding one in the area.	5
17383	Their service is slow the food sucks and you better always check your kids meals because they always forget something	1
17384	"Prices have risen....a Hamburger, small fries and medium beverage is now $7.01."	3
17385	Gotta love when it                           s says the drive thru is open until midnight but when you	1
17386	The staff messed up my food and passed me 4 times after what order number I was. I took my son to the new play place where he was spit on and bit by another kid. The parent didn't seem to care and McDonalds workers didn't seem to care. NEVER AGAIN!!	1
17387	Mcdonald's advertise any size drink for a dollar.. But not hear a sweet tea cost a  1:79.. This is the only McDonald's that charges you a 1:79 for a sweet tea..!!	1
17388	Its a hit or miss with this McDonald's. The drive-thru can be a long wait on certain days	3
17389	Boo I wish they could listen to what I order. My order is ALWAYS wrong.	1
17390	Bought 4 fish filet sandwiches they were old cold and burned at the end of the sandwich it was horrible they should be a shame selling reheated microwave sandwiches	2
17391	"The food was hot,best hot French fries                      "	4
17392	This place is the worst place to work I wouldn't eat here this place is dirty believe me	1
17393	This happened for the first time.I ordered crispy Chicken and the bun and chicken was burnt and packed.	3
17394	Fast food done well	5
17395	I'm grow up in the 80s & 90s micky d is the place to be. You know what else is. My YouTube channel for all especially geeks. Come on down to geekprotagonist	5
17396	Drive thru line was a tad long and I had to wait about 5 minutes for fresh fries nonetheless staff and service was great	4
17397	Its a McDonalds....are you really not familiar with them? Do you need a review to tell you if thier burgers are like every other McDonalds?	3
17398	Nice people and good food. Just wish there was a little more of a sense of urgency and better tabs on order	3
17399	Good food	4
17400	Blah. The iced coffee I got just so my kids could go in the play place tasted like dish soap. Unhealthy food. Avoid.	1
17401	Wish breakfast menu had croissants and longer hours on weekends.	4
17402	Fast&Friendly service.With delicious food!	5
17403	"Manager is RUDE!!!! I always come here staffs are always great! Manager today, 11/03/2020 4pm is Rude AF!!"	1
17404	The drive thru is a joke. always messing up my order. Best to go inside or avoid this mcdonalds altogether.	2
17405	Amazing Service!	5
17406	"Didn                           t eat dinner, so I ord"	2
17407	"They just need to make sure that the fries are hot....other then that, great customer service."	3
17408	I love the fact that you can order an Egg McMuffin without the muffin when you're following a low-carb diet.	4
17409	It's OK for a fast food joint.	3
17410	Always fast and a great value for the price.  The service at this location was slow but it was at peak hour.	5
17411	It was ok. Waited a long time for coffee to be made. Service alittle slow.	3
17412	Great staff I didn't eat here I picked food up for uber eats	5
17413	Drive-thru and mobile ordering only. The drive-thru had a double lane which made things quicker.	4
17414	"I don't have high expectations for McDonald's, but this location is consistently disappointing. Lots of mistakes on simple orders."	2
17415	Horrible service. She looked me right in my eyes and dumped my fries in the bag. After I ask why I was waiting in the drive thru	1
17416	"No milk shakes for us, machine didn't work. That's the same thing you hear all the time"	3
17417	This location can never get an order correct. And they always seem to make me pull up and wait.	2
17418	"Bought FOUR items here and they forgot one. I am still confused as to how you can mess up on only four items. After this visit, I am really concerned about our nation's education system.     "	2
17419	Good service. This place is the best on a hot sunny day. Outside seating with shade.	5
17420	"Nice, clean, upbeat, friendly place! My kids really enjoy here especially the play place."	4
17421	"Very clean store, fresh good tasting food and pleasant staff."	5
17422	Fast food that pretty consistent with the quality of food but the prices are getting ridiculous $10 for a Double Quarter Pounder with cheese combo is a lot	3
17423	Its McD's.  Does it really need reviews?  This is one of the better ones in the area ... meaning consistent with food quality.	3
17424	The associates are always friendly and helpful. The food is always hot and delicious.	5
17425	Drive thru is always a complete mess. Cannot call this       	1
17426	Food was good	4
17427	Very friendly staff. Quick service. Good price. Newly renovated.	5
17428	Good Service	5
17429	"Service was quick, the place is well maintained, the staff members were nice."	5
17430	if I can rate this a zero I would. I found yet another fly in my ice coffee this morning. it's a usual routine for me too get ice coffee everyday but the last 2 visits I made had flies in my drinks. I'm done with this McDonald's	1
17431	"Well what can I say about McDonalds.  It's not the best, but it is consistent.  I would not recommend it as a steady diet."	3
17432	The location is great (coming from a person that doesn't like McDonald's)	5
17433	"Just a snack but no napkins, not much fudge on Sunday"	2
17434	Good stuff.	5
17435	The bathroom stinks.  The manager probably doesn          	1
17436	Over priced disgusting food.	2
17437	I was ving so i woofed it down. Had the big mac n just the right amount of sauce	4
17438	Great! Type 2 diabetes in 1 week!	5
17439	Hot Fries!!!!!!Friendly girl with great smile working drive thru	5
17440	Friendly staff. Our order came out wrong but was quickly made right.	5
17441	Vour typical above average mcDs	4
17442	Place was clean. Food was as expected. Staff was attentive and friendly.	5
17443	They served us quickly and were funny and nice.	5
17444	Omg the big girl working the counter at night just stood there taking her time instead of helping me	1
17445	Very clean inside. Great customer service.	5
17446	FOOD WAS OK ALTHOUGH WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED BY MANAGEMENT OVER ALL DEMEANOR. VERY POOR PROFESSIONAL REPRESENTATION INSTEAD TOO IMMATURE ESPEC BY THE FEMALE MANAGER.	3
17447	Am happy to have semi-diet options now that I am working overnights. Good service..	4
17448	No service at counter just kiosk if u know how 2 use.	2
17449	"Apparently cutting a slice of bacon down the middle counts as 2 (literally) pieces of bacon...are they cheap owners or is it just poor management, I haven't made that conclusion just."	1
17450	The machines are hard to use the ones you dont go to counter for they are hard to use but besides that it has some what good service	3
17451	Quarter pounder was like warm.  Fries weren't salted.  Pathetic!	1
17452	My breakfast sandwich was so fresh from this location!	5
17453	I can't digest what is served at fast food joints.  It runs right through like greased lightning...	1
17454	The food was actually better than I expected it to be it actually tasted charbroil	5
17455	typically get your order wrong. Check your purchase before you drive away.	2
17456	"Fast friendly service, nice job"	5
17457	"Exceptional
Hot perfect fries. Good guarter pounder."	5
17458	"Quick, congenial service. Burger was absolutely fresh!"	4
17459	"Not great, not terrible, but alright - way too much salt on the fries"	3
17460	thankful they're open late	5
17461	I do not hate it I just don't eat fast food	1
17462	We stopped for hot value fryers and value drinks           	5
17463	I love their food. One of my guilty pleasures.	5
17464	"Food quality standard is lower than average
from time to time."	3
17465	It's... um... McDonald's. This one has a nice play place and updated tech so it gets an extra .	4
17466	Nice staff but trashy food	3
17467	Worst experience EVER!  Rude employees	1
17468	"The service can be alot quicker, but the staff were very friendly."	4
17469	Very clean and nice staff	5
17470	Enjoy ed the new chicken sandwich & especially liked the vanilla cone...delish..!!!!	4
17471	This people don't even acknowledge that you are standing there waiting for them to take your order	1
17472	Best  place  to  eat when you don't  have  much  money to spend	5
17473	"Food was okay, but they charged me for bacon, and didn't include it."	3
17474	"good, service, everything is clean and good service"	5
17475	The Drive-through was fast even though it was packed.	5
17476	"Clean, new update and  friendly great customer service. Will come back again!"	5
17477	food was amazing but there was a wait!!!	4
17478	Completely messed up our small order then took 15 minutes to correct.	1
17479	Never eat here you with regret later     	1
17480	ORDERED 3 items only got 2	2
17481	Terrible service and such rude employees	1
17482	The best food there              	5
17483	Staff was friendly for 6:30 in the morning.  Food was decent enough.	4
17484	Long wait at the drive thru and cold food.	2
17485	"Friendly, fast service, good food,  Accurate order."	4
17486	One best diners in South NJ. Great food and service.	4
17487	Grandson had a great time there for breakfast an fun playland	4
17488	Ok not too bad. Better than last time .	3
17489	Service not great and bun  was burnt and burger was terrible.	1
17490	Very pleasant cashier. Very patient and helpful.	5
17491	Very slow service. Employees show no enthusiasm or friendliness.	1
17492	Tried the spicy chicken sandwich. It was good	5
17493	Food was delicious         	5
17494	"If you've ever been to McDonald's, you'll know what to expect."	5
17495	Picked someone up for a Lyft ride here. McDonald's is the worst.	1
17496	It's a standard McDonalds                  	3
17497	We go there at least once a week. Love it.	5
17498	Used their app and the curbside pick up was great!!!	5
17499	My kids love it here. Good prices.	5
17500	Love their salads with grilled chicken and bacon	4
17501	"Staff nice. Good, fresh food"	5
17502	"McDonald's is always consistent with the food and service , it's good as always !"	5
17503	Best fresh sausage McMuffin we ever had	5
17504	Workers are loud in kitchen playing around...not professional. Not coming back here	2
17505	"Great, nice and clean with fast wifi."	5
17506	"The store could be cleaner, other than that, it is a McDonald's, not must to write about."	3
17507	This was a bathroom stop. Not a fan of McDonalds.	3
17508	Wait was too long. McGriddles were good.	3
17509	"Appreciate the ""senior"" coffee!"	5
17510	The Fries were overflowing and hot	5
17511	No lines.  Everyone is at Chic fil A	5
17512	"Average Mcdonalds, they forgot my ketchup :( ah well."	2
17513	Nicely remodeled. Standard McDonald's food	3
17514	Fast drive thru service..	5
17515	"Terrible service, will never come here again"	1
17516	Typical McDonald's food.	1
17517	Fast service freshly cooked food	4
17518	I wish they had Shamrock shakes all year	5
17519	Good for freee WiFi and hash browns	4
17520	The food and service was marvelous	5
17521	Thy have the best French fries	5
17522	Good shakes and fries	5
17523	Decor very nice.breakfast is always good	4
17524	THEY KNOW HOW TO MAKE SECRET MENU McKinley BIG MAC'S	4
17525	They messed my order up.	2
17526	Love the self service kiosks and redesign!	5
17527	Magnolia McDonalds the best service. Fewest misyakes	5
17528	Very rude manger an order was wrong again	1
17529	Employees are not friendly	5
17530	Fish sandwich was tasteless and the fries were cold	3
17531	"Very Clean, Fast Service, Very Polite        "	5
17532	Low staffed	5
17533	Nice hot properly made BigMac	5
17534	Fast food will kill you	1
17535	Fast service. Good employees	5
17536	I like this one . Fast clean inside	5
17537	This is where God bless me and heal my sickness	5
17538	Very limited dine in seating.	4
17539	Its McDonald's so there is not much to say about.	4
17540	Nice customer service . Quick and fast.	5
17541	Very good apple fritters!	4
17542	Great staff fresh food	5
17543	Food isn't to good.	2
17544	Staff not pleasant everyone seemed miserable	2
17545	An average McDonald's that messes up your order occasionally.	3
17546	I always feel sad after eating here.	2
17547	Clean and quick service.	4
17548	"Poor service, overcharged,cold food."	1
17549	No roaches and clean bathrooms	5
17550	Fast freh good for adults & children	5
17551	The customer services is very good	5
17552	Service was very slow	3
17553	My order is never correct.	1
17554	"Fast, friendly, careful and safe"	5
17555	Best McFlurry w waffles.	5
17556	Still slow. Coffee Luke warm.	3
17557	Clean place and good food.	5
17558	Okay as long as there not busy.	3
17559	"Had to wait in line,but busy at all!!!"	5
17560	Excellent service and food       	5
17561	"Good and reasonable,  especially with a coupon"	5
17562	Nice playground and indoor seating.	5
17563	Slow drive thru line	3
17564	"Give me that filet o fish, give me that fish!    "	4
17565	Nice place very clean	5
17566	Food and service are good.	4
17567	McDeath is the best fast food!	5
17568	Great hamburgers and french fries	5
17569	I love it	5
17570	Great play area for the kids!!!	5
17571	"Great  service, quick!"	4
17572	Yucky.... A toasted bun for a fish sandwich	4
17573	About average as far as McDonald's goes.	4
17574	It's mcd s... nothing special	3
17575	Customer service extremely poor	2
17576	Mcrib is back. Thank you.	5
17577	There are better ways to suicide	1
17578	Love the singapore noodles!	4
17579	"Better looking, good for kids."	4
17580	Food ok	5
17581	"Clean, clean food machine!!"	4
17582	French fries I buy only	5
17583	Everyone was very nice	5
17584	Just left my breakfast there	5
17585	Good service and clean.	5
17586	Good customer service.	4
17587	Nice new store.	5
17588	Food tends to be cold	3
17589	McDonald's lost my business.	1
17590	Love their coffee	5
17591	Very good	5
17592	What ?	3
17593	It's a McDonald's. Ok service.	4
17594	Hamburger tasted aweful.	1
17595	Love stopping by in way to work	5
17596	Very good for MacDonald	4
17597	normal	3
17598	Fast food is fast Food	3
17599	Fries were too salty	2
17600	McDonalds food ... What can I say.	5
17601	Very nice	4
17602	Good	4
17603	It's McDonald's. What do you expect?	2
17604	Good food	5
17605	Good food	5
17606	"Intelligent, courteous staff."	5
17607	Fast friendly service	4
17608	The Bathroom was very dirty	2
17609	"The one in Voorhees, NJ is pleasant"	5
17610	Fast and its ok.	3
17611	"Just a plain, dry       "	5
17612	Good services and food	5
17613	Yuck...cheap food	1
17614	French fries are amazing	4
17615	Busy half decent	4
17616	Very nice	3
17617	Their food sucks	1
17618	Nice and clean and fast	3
17619	great for the kids	4
17620	Old and not open late !	1
17621	It as ok	3
17622	Quick and clean	5
17623	Great service	5
17624	Decent service.	2
17625	Food was good	4
17626	Gd burger for 1 dollar	5
17627	No good deala	3
17628	Good.	5
17629	Chicken's too dry	3
17630	Ok	3
17631	Its aight	4
17632	Love the fries	5
17633	Same old stuff	3
17634	Good fast food	5
17635	Great food	4
17636	Come on ! It's McDonald's for God's sake !!!!!	5
17637	Didn't go to McDonald's	1
17638	"Clean, decent, quiet"	5
17639	Not real food	1
17640	It         	5
17641	I love McDonald's	5
17642	Good as usual.	5
17643	Typical	3
17644	So yeah it's a McDonald's.	4
17645	Goood	4
17646	Yuck	1
17647	Say Cheese...On Everything!!!   	5
17648	"Need more options, more  "	3
17649	Comfortable     	5
17650	Unity	2
17651	McDonald's foods just suck	1
17652	Loved it	5
17653	The same old Mc Donald's	3
17654	Ok	4
17655	Fast	5
17656	Good service	5
17657	fast service	5
17658	Great service	4
17659	God bless McDonald	5
17660	Good service	5
17661	Ummm	4
17662	It was cold in there	2
17663	Nice location	5
17664	Poor service	2
17665	Meh	3
17666	Ok	3
17667	Great	5
17668	Horrible	1
17669	mid	1
17670	amazing	5
17671	Good breakfast	4
17672	Good	5
17673	Ok	5
17674	Great bank	4
17675	Good location	5
17676	Slow very slow	3
17677	Nice people	4
17678	Fast service	4
17679	Trash	1
17680	Bad service	1
17681	Clean and friendly	4
17682	It's McDonald's. It's Ok.	3
17683	EXCELLENT SERVICE	5
17684	Average service	4
17685	Like chiken	5
17686	Garbage	1
17687	Slow	2
17688	HORRIBLE	1
17689	good place	4
17690	Delicious food	5
17691	Fast service	5
17692	Wonderful!	5
17693	Remodeled Wow	4
17694	Good 	4
17695	same as always	2
17696	Fast  hot  food	4
17697	Sticky floor	1
17698	Normal mcdonalds	4
17699	It's McDonalds	4
17700	pooptillion	1
17701	Its McDonald's	5
17702	Standard McDonald's	4
17703	Ridiculous	1
17704	Its McDonalds	4
17705	Its Mcdonalds	2
17706	It's McDonald's	3
17707	McDonald's	3
17708	Excellent 	5
17709	"My favorite place at lunchtime, very good employees, I recommend it"	5
17710	Nice place elements are also good	5
17711	Likey	5
17712	I asked for well cooked scrambled eggs they gave me raw they took a long time and the ones that cooked were upset	1
17713	Excellent 	5
17714	I really like burgers	4
17715	I place	3
17716	G that you don't	2
17717	good kind person	5
17718	Excellent 	5
17719	Excellent 	5
17720	Excellent 	5
17721	Neutral	3
17722	Excellent 	5
17723	Good 	4
17724	Excellent 	5
17725	Good 	4
17726	Good 	4
17727	Good 	4
17728	Excellent 	5
17729	Excellent 	5
17730	Good 	4
17731	Good 	4
17732	Excellent 	5
17733	Neutral	3
17734	Terrible	1
17735	Good	5
17736	Yaaaaaaaaa	5
17737	Excellent	5
17738	Ewwwww	1
17739	Excellent 	5
17740	        	3
17741	Neutral	3
17742	Good 	4
17743	Neutral	3
17744	Good 	4
17745	Good 	4
17746	Table service!!	3
17747	Neutral	3
17748	Neutral	3
17749	Excellent 	5
17750	Good 	4
17751	Poor 	2
17752	Good 	4
17753	Excellent 	5
17754	Good 	4
17755	Good 	4
17756	Neutral	3
17757	Excellent 	5
17758	Excellent 	5
17759	Excellent 	5
17760	Excellent 	5
17761	Good 	4
17762	Excellent 	5
17763	Neutral	3
17764	Excellent 	5
17765	Terrible	1
17766	Poor 	2
17767	Good 	4
17768	Good 	4
17769	Excellent 	5
17770	Excellent 	5
17771	Neutral	3
17772	Good 	4
17773	Neutral	3
17774	Neutral	3
17775	Excellent 	5
17776	Excellent 	5
17777	Excellent 	5
17778	Poor 	2
17779	Excellent 	5
17780	Good 	4
17781	Excellent 	5
17782	Good 	4
17783	Neutral	3
17784	Excellent 	5
17785	Excellent 	5
17786	Good 	4
17787	Excellent 	5
17788	Excellent 	5
17789	Terrible	1
17790	Excellent 	5
17791	Neutral	3
17792	Excellent 	5
17793	Neutral	3
17794	Excellent 	5
17795	Good 	4
17796	Excellent 	5
17797	Neutral	3
17798	Neutral	3
17799	Excellent 	5
17800	Excellent 	5
17801	Good 	4
17802	Good 	4
17803	Terrible	1
17804	Poor 	2
17805	Excellent 	5
17806	Good 	4
17807	Excellent 	5
17808	Terrible	1
17809	Poor 	2
17810	Neutral	3
17811	Excellent 	5
17812	Neutral	3
17813	Good 	4
17814	Good 	4
17815	Neutral	3
17816	Excellent 	5
17817	Terrible	1
17818	Good 	4
17819	Excellent 	5
17820	Terrible	1
17821	disapointed 	1
17822	Excellent 	5
17823	Neutral	3
17824	Excellent 	5
17825	Neutral	3
17826	Excellent 	5
17827	Good 	4
17828	Excellent 	5
17829	Excellent 	5
17830	Excellent 	5
17831	Poor 	2
17832	Excellent 	5
17833	Excellent 	5
17834	Excellent 	5
17835	Good 	4
17836	Excellent 	5
17837	Neutral	3
17838	Excellent 	5
17839	Excellent 	5
17840	Excellent 	5
17841	Excellent 	5
17842	disapointed 	1
17843	Good 	4
17844	Good 	4
17845	Excellent 	5
17846	Excellent 	5
17847	Neutral	3
17848	Excellent 	5
17849	Neutral	3
17850	Neutral	3
17851	Poor 	2
17852	Good 	4
17853	Neutral	3
17854	Good 	4
17855	Neutral	3
17856	Good 	4
17857	Excellent 	5
17858	Good 	4
17859	Good 	4
17860	Neutral	3
17861	Good 	4
17862	Excellent 	5
17863	Excellent 	5
17864	Neutral	3
17865	Good 	4
17866	Excellent 	5
17867	Excellent 	5
17868	Excellent 	5
17869	Excellent 	5
17870	Excellent 	5
17871	Excellent 	5
17872	Excellent 	5
17873	Excellent 	5
17874	Good 	4
17875	Good 	4
17876	Neutral	3
17877	disapointed 	1
17878	Poor 	2
17879	Good 	4
17880	Excellent 	5
17881	Good 	4
17882	Good 	4
17883	Excellent 	5
17884	Neutral	3
17885	Good 	4
17886	Poor 	2
17887	Excellent 	5
17888	Poor 	2
17889	Good 	4
17890	Good 	4
17891	disapointed 	1
17892	Good 	4
17893	Excellent 	5
17894	Neutral	3
17895	Neutral	3
17896	Neutral	3
17897	Good 	4
17898	Excellent 	5
17899	Poor 	2
17900	Excellent 	5
17901	Excellent 	5
17902	Good 	4
17903	disapointed 	1
17904	Good 	4
17905	Excellent 	5
17906	Excellent 	5
17907	Good 	4
17908	Good 	4
17909	Good 	4
17910	Neutral	3
17911	Neutral	3
17912	Excellent 	5
17913	disapointed 	1
17914	Excellent 	5
17915	Good 	4
17916	Good 	4
17917	Excellent 	5
17918	Neutral	3
17919	Excellent 	5
17920	Excellent 	5
17921	disapointed 	1
17922	Excellent 	5
17923	Neutral	3
17924	Excellent 	5
17925	Excellent 	5
17926	Good 	4
17927	Excellent 	5
17928	disapointed 	1
17929	Excellent 	5
17930	Excellent 	5
17931	Neutral	3
17932	Neutral	3
17933	Neutral	3
17934	Good 	4
17935	Good 	4
17936	Excellent 	5
17937	Good 	4
17938	Neutral	3
17939	Good 	4
17940	Excellent 	5
17941	Neutral	3
17942	Good 	4
17943	Excellent 	5
17944	Good 	4
17945	Excellent 	5
17946	Poor 	2
17947	Excellent 	5
17948	Excellent 	5
17949	Excellent 	5
17950	disapointed 	1
17951	Excellent 	5
17952	Excellent 	5
17953	Excellent 	5
17954	Good 	4
17955	Excellent 	5
17956	disapointed 	1
17957	Good 	4
17958	Excellent 	5
17959	Neutral	3
17960	disapointed 	1
17961	Excellent 	5
17962	Neutral	3
17963	Good 	4
17964	Good 	4
17965	Excellent 	5
17966	Excellent 	5
17967	Good 	4
17968	Poor 	2
17969	Neutral	3
17970	Excellent 	5
17971	Neutral	3
17972	Good 	4
17973	disapointed 	1
17974	Good 	4
17975	Neutral	3
17976	Good 	4
17977	Excellent 	5
17978	Good 	4
17979	Excellent 	5
17980	Poor 	2
17981	Poor 	2
17982	disapointed 	1
17983	disapointed 	1
17984	Excellent 	5
17985	Good 	4
17986	Excellent 	5
17987	Good 	4
17988	Excellent 	5
17989	Neutral	3
17990	Neutral	3
17991	Neutral	3
17992	Good 	4
17993	Excellent 	5
17994	Excellent 	5
17995	disapointed 	1
17996	Neutral	3
17997	Excellent 	5
17998	Good 	4
17999	Excellent 	5
18000	Excellent 	5
18001	Excellent 	5
18002	disapointed 	1
18003	Good 	4
18004	Good 	4
18005	Excellent 	5
18006	Excellent 	5
18007	Excellent 	5
18008	Excellent 	5
18009	Excellent 	5
18010	Poor 	2
18011	Excellent 	5
18012	Neutral	3
18013	Neutral	3
18014	Good 	4
18015	Excellent 	5
18016	Excellent 	5
18017	Poor 	2
18018	Poor 	2
18019	Neutral	3
18020	Excellent 	5
18021	Good 	4
18022	Neutral	3
18023	Good 	4
18024	Good 	4
18025	Excellent 	5
18026	Poor 	2
18027	Excellent 	5
18028	Excellent 	5
18029	Good 	4
18030	Excellent 	5
18031	Excellent 	5
18032	Good 	4
18033	disapointed 	1
18034	Excellent 	5
18035	Good 	4
18036	disapointed 	1
18037	Poor 	2
18038	Neutral	3
18039	Poor 	2
18040	Excellent 	5
18041	Good 	4
18042	Poor 	2
18043	Excellent 	5
18044	Neutral	3
18045	Excellent 	5
18046	Excellent 	5
18047	Good 	4
18048	Excellent 	5
18049	disapointed 	1
18050	disapointed 	1
18051	disapointed 	1
18052	Excellent 	5
18053	Excellent 	5
18054	Neutral	3
18055	Good 	4
18056	Good 	4
18057	Excellent 	5
18058	Excellent 	5
18059	Neutral	3
18060	Excellent 	5
18061	Excellent 	5
18062	Good 	4
18063	Good 	4
18064	Good 	4
18065	Good 	4
18066	Good 	4
18067	Good 	4
18068	Excellent 	5
18069	Good 	4
18070	Excellent 	5
18071	Excellent 	5
18072	Excellent 	5
18073	Neutral	3
18074	Good 	4
18075	Excellent 	5
18076	Excellent 	5
18077	disapointed 	1
18078	Neutral	3
18079	Excellent 	5
18080	Neutral	3
18081	Good 	4
18082	Excellent 	5
18083	Good 	4
18084	Excellent 	5
18085	Excellent 	5
18086	Poor 	2
18087	Excellent 	5
18088	Good 	4
18089	Excellent 	5
18090	Neutral	3
18091	Neutral	3
18092	disapointed 	1
18093	Excellent 	5
18094	Good 	4
18095	Poor 	2
18096	Excellent 	5
18097	Neutral	3
18098	Excellent 	5
18099	Excellent 	5
18100	Excellent 	5
18101	Good 	4
18102	disapointed 	1
18103	Neutral	3
18104	Excellent 	5
18105	Good 	4
18106	Excellent 	5
18107	Excellent 	5
18108	Excellent 	5
18109	disapointed 	1
18110	Neutral	3
18111	Good 	4
18112	Excellent 	5
18113	Excellent 	5
18114	Good 	4
18115	Excellent 	5
18116	Excellent 	5
18117	Excellent 	5
18118	Excellent 	5
18119	Neutral	3
18120	Neutral	3
18121	Neutral	3
18122	Excellent 	5
18123	Excellent 	5
18124	Excellent 	5
18125	Excellent 	5
18126	Excellent 	5
18127	disapointed 	1
18128	Excellent 	5
18129	Excellent 	5
18130	Good 	4
18131	Good 	4
18132	Poor 	2
18133	Good 	4
18134	Good 	4
18135	Neutral	3
18136	disapointed 	1
18137	Excellent 	5
18138	Good 	4
18139	Excellent 	5
18140	Excellent 	5
18141	Excellent 	5
18142	Good 	4
18143	disapointed 	1
18144	Good 	4
18145	Excellent 	5
18146	Neutral	3
18147	disapointed 	1
18148	Good 	4
18149	Good 	4
18150	disapointed 	1
18151	Excellent 	5
18152	Good 	4
18153	Excellent 	5
18154	Good 	4
18155	Neutral	3
18156	Good 	4
18157	Excellent 	5
18158	Excellent 	5
18159	Good 	4
18160	Excellent 	5
18161	disapointed 	1
18162	Poor 	2
18163	Excellent 	5
18164	"Perhaps the most poorly run McDonald                           s in Texas. Visited on the weekend,  so naturally busier, but the management, attitude of employees, and physical condition make this a location, in my opinion, the worst location we                           ve ever visited.
1. Trash everywhere, see pic for example. Trash on the floors, tables, parking lot.
2. Dirty tables. Obviously tables get dirty. So we asked if a team member could wipe down a table to remove ketchup and prior visitor                           s"	2
18165	"This is the closets Mickey D near us and we usually always have a good time. This time tonight we asked for extra sauce, the white lady with black hair, thick and wear a brown cardigan and bun? Was VERY RUDE when asked if their was extra sauce in the bag and closeed the sliding door before we can ask for more. She then re-opened it after seeing we were missing additional sauce from our order.. she was very rude cutting me off and stated you need to ask for extra sauce when ordering, since it                           s now a charge for sauce? But anyways we don                           t mind paying? It                "	1
18166	"Incorrect orders most of the time, missing ingredients in the food or missing chicken nuggets. Poor quality of food.

I am not really a picky eater and don                           t usually complain, but I gave this location a handful of chances                            "	1
18167	I                           ve never come to this McDonald                           s before and I never will again. The woman over the speaker was rude and handed me my bag and walked away. I   	1
18168	"Cashier walked off and left the cash drawer open never gave me my change, 10mins later all he said was                            oops haha                      "	1
18169	"Yesterday (2/3/2023), I stopped at Roanoke McDonald's to get breakfast.  I ordered the Big Breakfast with pancakes via kiosk.  My order was number 797, upon serving me my food I ask for an extra syrup.  The employee gave me the syrup but was very rude in telling me it cost .35 cents and next time include it in my order.  Without giving me a chance to explain he walked off.   To add to the bad service I discovered after leaving, my pancakes were cold.  I don't usually go to this McDonald's, and usually don't get bad service at McDonald's but figured I'd take the time to let others know how this McDonald's is treating it's customers!"	1
18170	"I ordered a artisan chicken sandwich no tomatoes on 2/22/19 through the drive-thru and when I went to get my food they told me to pull up and wait. I waited half a hour to get this sandwich and chicken nuggets. The sandwich looks like it was thrown together, way too much sauce. It was all over the entire sandwich and on the inside of the box that made the bread soggy. And to top it all off they gave me the head of lettuce and brown lettuce."	1
18171	"Very slow, waited over 20 minutes for a Big Mac and medium fries."	3
18172	"Frys were cold, did not give me my large drink that was ordered, and when I asked for my receipt, 3 people just walked around lost.. said forget it and left."	2
18173	I always order the same 4 orders of the 20pc Nuggets. For some odd reason it                           s $12 more expensive at this location than all the other stores in the metroplex. If you like to spend extra money for the same exact thing you can get from another location for cheaper than this is your spot. For me it                           s not. The manager g	1
18174	"Employees always seem bothered by having to work. If you ask for extra of something on your burger, they'll give you none of that and if you take something off they'll make sure you get extra of it... This has happened multiple times now."	1
18175	Nice people but this location lacks staff. Childrens play area not clean. Smells of dirty mop. No soap in children bathroom bathroom smells of  bad odor	1
18176	Five s for service.  This McDonald's should be a training store for managers. The manager and his entire crew were all about keeping the orders coming and making the customer job one. Haven't experienced this at a McDonald's in a long time. This McDonald's should be the standard the others have to meet.	5
18177	Dine in area is fairly clean & they even have a nice sized playplace for the kids in a separate area from the main dining area. Staff is nice & quick.	4
18178	My hash brown had sooooo much grease that it soaked through the bag. GROSS!!!!!! I'll never get food from this location again!!!!!!!	1
18179	"Manager on duty was very rude.  My husband went today to pick up a missing item from order from the previous night that they forgot to give us.  Instead of going above and beyond to correct their mistake and guarantee excellent customer service, she proceed to interrogate my husband rudely.  In today's world where there are so many options to eat, you think that people would put their best foot forward to make sure their customers have a good experience. I WILL NEVER spend my hard earned money at that location EVER AGAIN"	1
18180	"The play area is nice and clean. Food was normal, not bad, just regular McDonald                           s food. The place was clean except the bathroom in the play area"	3
18181	"Staff wasn                           t friendly AT ALL and these are literally the worst, coldest, most unsalted, most un"	1
18182	Good service but one the staff in the kitchen is way too loud and wouldn                  	4
18183	"very nice and respectful customer service, and clean bathrooms!"	5
18184	Usually order ahead in the app and do curbside pickup. Process is easy and discounts are nice through the app. No issues with service or food quality at this location.	4
18185	It use to be good but they got new owners and it like they are cutting corners to save money. Also the manager  just looks at you and not take your order	1
18186	"Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service. Never in my years of walking this planet have I ever experienced such a terribly trained and terribly managed location. Charging me almost $30 for an order of pancakes and giving ME and attitude when it is THEIR mistake. I very calmly stated that there was an obvious mistake on the receipt, the cashier seemed new, but for some reason the manager thought it was appropriate to put the blame on ME and not their lack of being a good manager and training their employees properly. Disgusting behavior for a problem that required next to NO effort to fix, but the manager sought it better worth their time and effort to be nasty."	1
18187	Enjoyed watching our two boys play in play area.	4
18188	Incorrect order and couldn't mix Powerade and sprite for some reason.	1
18189	"McDonald                           s in Roanoke has been a disappointment to me lately. It seemed like a good idea to use them as a fast stop for breakfast on my way to work this past week. Unfortunately I was let down by the service I received.                                     
The first day I ordered In the drive through and the lady taking my order seemed like should could not understand me so when I got to the first window and paid, I asked for a receipt the lady                           s response was                            We don                           t have receipts                            When I got to the second window and received my food it was comandwich than what I had ordered.                                     
I decided to try them again one last time the third morning in a row and the service in the drive through was rather rude just like the first time, and I received the wrong size coffee AGAIN.                                     When I asked the man about it his response was                            I don                         "	1
18190	"They need to get more training. First, they tell me I only paid for the sandwiches not the meal. (Paid $11.54) Two sandwiches doesn't add up  to that. Came back told the girl I'm missing drink. She told me to go back around and re-order.  I go back in line and get my drinks.  I get home, my whole order is wrong. Just looking at through the food, there were eggshels in the eggs. Just terrible."	1
18191	I went their today got a double quarter pounder meal got a double hamburger meal	3
18192	"Fast food, friendly staff, and ok coffee."	5
18193	"I have been in line for 10 minutes and how you have it set up you have one line you veer to the right of the intercom or to the left but you only have one lane going to those intercoms. I had several people behind me this lady comes around and cuts me off. I got out of my car I said excuse me you almost hit me and could have caused a catastrophic accident . She said that the lady told her to cut in front of me and I said who and the manager of that McDonald's Sylvia said I did. I told her you almost caused a catastrophic accident and she said it's a two-lane and I said no ma'am and other people in line roll their windows down and said it's only a one lane and Sylvia argued with all of us that were  in line  waiting. You're going to have a catastrophic accident there if you don't get two lanes drawn up. Number two, Sylvia should not be arguing with the customers in line and she did not serve us. I never use profanity I told her it was unprofessional and that it could have caused an accident and other people were telling her the same.I'm very disappointed how McDonald's has lowered the bar in hiring people that will argue with their customers when the  are trying to prevent an accident. I thought the motto is safety first."	1
18194	Went to work this day I was pressed for time but the drive-thru was very fast	5
18195	"I think the morning shift are one of, if not the best, they provide great customer service and good food, definitely coming more to this McDonald  "	5
18196	"Absolutely TERRIBLE customer service is an understatement. The manager screams at everyone who is a customer. To me his young pond has no experience in customer service, I have never been to a place had experienced such a terribly trained and terribly managed location, this is very true. I have gone through drive threw and walked in. To see bad people working there, just do not care. I did send message to McDonald's Company, hopefully someone will see what          "	1
18197	"The drive through service is horrible. They gave me the wrong order and was told to wait. I waited  for over 5 minutes for them! The manager Maria Gutierrez (might have her last name wrong), FIRE HER!! After waiting for so long, I had to drive through again, only for her to lie and say she gave me my food. Very rude individual. Had lost all my appetite by the time I got the food!"	1
18198	Employees change but as of 07/30/21 at 4:11pm they will put no meat on your burger and no salt on your fries and if you ask for any condiments they will ignore your request. They seem like nice enough people but their service is terrible. *no refund or remake was requested. Never ask for your food to be remade. Don               	1
18199	"The manager who attended this Roanoke store was very rude, the ice coffee                           s had no caramel flavor, the cookies                     "	1
18200	If you like McDonalds  this is s good one.  I like McDonalds.    	5
18201	"They always have the nicest staff, and the tables and bathrooms are always clean. I can't figure out why people don't just accept the Golden Arches. The food is good, and nutritious. You don't need to order a big mac every time! Just get a salad!"	5
18202	The directions to get here were a bit off. Service was great. Food wasn             	4
18203	"Delivery- complete joke! Don't bother taking the time to order sauces for your Nuggets! I ordered 20 spicy,  40 reg, picked out at least 9 different dipping sauces as ""required "" not to mention Desired by my kiddos!! We did NOT get ONE sauce or even a ketchup!!! Just to make sure they were consistant with disregard, they didn't even give us straws either to go with our $3 mango smoothies...2 of them! So, 60 Nuggets-NO sauces  AT ALL!  Not the first time they have done us wrong on the Nuggets so buyer should be cautious!"	2
18204	"f I could give it -5 I would. Ordered on their own mobile app so it seems like they chose not to read /deliver the order actually ordered. I collected , drove 10 + minutes towards home before the kid figured out that his order had every single add on we had requested not be added. I called and , zero apology,  was told to drive back to the drive thru and collect. OH-KAY. Lovely customer service already. I get there and the 'manager' asks me to return the wrong order, I handed it back (untouched) and he made  huge scene of firing it in the trash. emmmm, your mistake. No apology and ALL the attitude ? Never , ever again. Calling the franchise owner. I would hate this guy to represent my business . I felt so sorry for his team mates /peers who were embarrassed by him."	1
18205	"The interior was something I'd never seen before. There were planted boards you could use to place your order before reaching the counter, but the line was short so it wasn't needed. The place was clean and all the orders were right. It was a nice stop for a sit-down quick lunch like how fast food should be."	5
18206	"The person who takes your order always seems to be mad, the cashier is never polite and orders are almost always wrong. Good thing other better places to eat are around here."	1
18207	They canceled my online order even though I ordered it 40 minutes before close and was just turning into their parking lot. They still had 10 minutes to be open. I understand I                           m skimming time but that     	1
18208	"This location has a fun indoor playroom area. The play equipment always seems to be clean and well-maintained. I take my two-year-old granddaughter there occasionally, and she always has fun. The only reason for the four out of five s is because their projection screen/interactive play mat has not worked properly since we have been visiting there over the last year. It has partially worked on a couple of occasions and my granddaughter remembers that she enjoyed it. Every time we                           re there she stomps on it to try to make it work. She will grab my hand and pull me over to the mat and try and get me to make it work. I"	4
18209	Good quick service! But the lady that works at night front counter is very rude. It's a way to say something. People are spending their money.	1
18210	"When the order is correct, the quality is fine. But I never get an order completely correct, especially if it's a McCafe drink. I would let it go, everyone makes mistakes, but it's constant and employees as a manager have had a terrible attitude about fixing it. If there were another one to go to instead, I would."	3
18211	"Went through the drive thru in a hurry to get my daughter to school, we found a hair in our food and was given the wrong drink. The manager on duty was very apologetic and gave me a refund. Even though I was disappointed with the hair in the food, we were treated very kindly and had no problem getting our money back"	2
18212	"I'll always come back here. The food's always right and the store and bathroom is always clean. Nobody bothers you. I even ate pizza here and the management didn't seem to care and it's a good place to eat and work. There aren't too many good McDonald's you can find a good plug in for your laptop but this one is awesome.

The staff is good and very helpful every time I go there. One day I was low on money but really had to eat. One of the guys who worked there gave me a break and upsized my drink as a courtesy. It was hot as $h&t outside and I had a longer lasting drink to curve the heat."	5
18213	"Actually an especially above average location.  Service and food are what should be expected.  Clean.  Restroom has hands free door opener.  Kids Play Place is especially nice.  Has modern play equipment, toddler area and interactive life size video game station."	5
18214	"So I gave this a 3, mainly because they always get my order right. The customer service is not always there. Its hit or miss. Please Beware! The drive-thru has a narrow turn, I've seen too many cars scrape up the side hitting the barrier at the first window. It doesn't look like you're that close, but I promise, just take a wide turn in the drive-thru"	3
18215	I can only speak to their breakfast as it's the only thing I've purchased there. Service is fast and the food is great.	5
18216	"Best McDonald's around!
The people who work there are always super nice, the service is very good compared to other McDonald's in this area. And there are NOT any of those horrible self serve kiosks! Oh how I hate those things!!!
The restaurant is clean and we'll maintained.
This is my favorite!"	5
18217	We love coming here. Tried the Shamrock Mcflurry and it was delicious!	4
18218	Their employees needs to learn customer service.	4
18219	"Every once in awhile you just got to have a quarter pounder. Today it was a quarter pounder with fries and a Coke. So good. The Quarter Pounders are made with fresh meat now and you can really taste the difference. And everyone knows that McDonald's has the best Fountain Coke. They tested a couple of times per hour just to ensure the formula is Right. Plus, they have those nice fat straws that make for big sips. :-)"	5
18220	"This Micky D's is pretty standard. The usual menu options, staff is quick and polite, they generally get your order right... However I am only giving 3 because they recently changed their hours and the location is only open until 11 PM daily. This used to be a reliable place for an extremely late night snack, but not anymore. Even the local Wendy's and Taco Bell are open later."	3
18221	The food is fine. Service at the drive through is horrendous. Unprofessional and unhelpful.  It                           s good that ther	2
18222	Very unsatisfied. My husband and i came to this McDonalds it was locked and we had to used the drive thru and they told us they were accepting cash only. We ordered and they told us to pull around to the second window. We weren                           t told our total. We weren                           t given a receipt either and we were charged $25 for some late night driving home snacks. Coffe	1
18223	We did dine in. But used the app to order the food and it was ready in a reasonable time. We also got to enjoy the AC and sit inside and eat.	5
18224	I went there today with no cars in front of me in the drivethru.I ordered one large Sweet tea it took over 5 minutes for them to get. I should've have just went and got a fountain drink from 7eleven. This one is always slow.	1
18225	"I went to McDonalds this morning for breakfast and got charged for an extra sandwich so I asked for a refund. they refunded the cheaper sandwich which was not the wrong one and I pointed it out and they said I was wrong and they refunded the right one, I was like okay whatever. then they closed to door to fix my drink. they apologize for my inconvenience, smile and tell me to have a nice day, handing over my drink. I get to work and realize they literally only filled it halfway. I was nothing but polite. Petty does not look good on you McDonalds."	1
18226	Third time in a row to get the hamburger happy meal with just ketchup only to have cheese added each time.  My child will not eat it if cheese has touched it. They have new toys for the kids however we keep getting toys that are 6 months old. Not a good location for the lack of service and food.	1
18227	"I went through the drive-thru and ordered 3 cheese burgers. I waited in line for like 10 minutes. I get to the window and they told me to park because my food wasn't ready. It wasn't even busy, so I didn't understand why it took so long to make 3 cheeseburgers. After waiting in my car for 10 more minutes, I went inside to get a refund since I had to go back to work and I just wasted 20 minutes waiting for food. As soon as I ask for a refund, one of the employees walks up with my food and hands it to me. I guess they forgot I was waiting on it? I will never come back to this location."	1
18228	"The Staff is very rude! Me and My friend were gonna order sonething over the phone. as we were waiting for someone to answer the phone, Me and My friend were telling Jokes to each other. My friend told me a joke and someone answered the phone. we didn                           t  anyone was on the line so he kept telling me The joke. so about of No where THE MANAGER tells my friend                            Stop prank calling here or I                           m Gonna call the cops and send them to your house, I have Your Number                             My friend tried to Tell the Manager that he didn                           t know someone was on the line. but the Manager decides that he isn               we calling this Place back unless the Manger apologizes for being rude!"	1
18229	"I hate it when I point out a problem and the management tell me that that's the way its supposed to be.  I managed a McDonald's for many years.  I know better. I still order their food regularly all over the country.  I know better. The new manager has made things much better, but standards still slip back to the old ways when he's not here."	2
18230	"I usually defend fast food joints, even McDonalds. Not a very picky person. However this visit to this location was very disappointing. Defying all logic it took a very long time to get my food around noon on a Tuesday despite few cars. The employees were emotionless and seemed to be rushing you through, even though it still took a long time. And then to top it off they got my order wrong."	1
18231	"The Staff is very rude! Me and My friend were gonna order sonething over the phone. as we were waiting for someone to answer the phone, Me and My friend were telling Jokes to each other. I told my friend a joke as  someone answered the phone. we didn                           t  hear anyone was on the line so I kept telling her the joke. so out of no where THE MANAGER tells me                            Stop prank calling here or I                           m Gonna call your house and call the police, I have Your Number                            I then hung up. Of course we got mad. so my friend called them and asked for the Manager, He answered and She explained that he misunderstood us. but instead of listening to her, He tells her              "	1
18232	"The food was McDonald's typical. I like the new design, but as many of them I've been to lately are, it was just filthy. I was there for over an hour and a half letting my kids eat and play and not once did I see anyone clean a table or anything off the floor. It would also be helpful for there to be napkins in the play area so you could clean up messes without leaving your kids or taking the whole crew with you."	3
18233	They made a mistake on my order but I hadn't left the parking lot yet. I called them and told them and they gave me the correct sandwich right away. Great service!	5
18234	"What makes this place 5  to me is the Manager.......Nikko!

Nikko is super friendly, genuinely caring about HONEST customers and makes you wanna come back for some of his cheer.
Service is great here with seldom a mistake in the mornings when I come in.
Th"	5
18235	"This people always try to rush you on the drive through and even if you go inside store, there are always problems with food, last time I went over there I had 2 cold cheese burgers, had to wait for my wife's food and came the wrong way. If you want to eat bacon, tomato and onions good luck trying to find them in burgers, there are just 1 piece to none hahaha."	2
18236	"Places was small and overloaded, was given the wring drinks due to not having propper amounts of staff. The Terminals were all also down. One good thing the food was hot tastey and bathrooms were open"	3
18237	"Really frustrated with this location. I usually go to the location off of Beach street and order the same thing every time I go there. I know exactly how much my order should be. I stop here because I happened to be closer to this location than to my normal one and order my usual. 2 McDoubles. I had just enough change in my wallet to pay for my order. Or so I thought. Instead of paying $1.50                    2 + .25 = $3.25, I was charged $1.99 for ONE Mcdouble. It may not seem like much, but to someone who is on the go and on a budget I expect ome of the biggest fast food chains to at the very least be consistent with their prices. I wonder how much I've over paid at this location in the past!
What made me most upset was that I didnt recieve a receipt for my order. So in order to determine why I paid $2.15 after tax for ONE Mcdouble, I went inside to the self ordering in the lobby and looked it up myself. I dont appreciate not being told my total at the speaker, not beinzing I didnt even receive one to begin with when I pulled forward from the pick up window. It should be standard procedure to give a receipt for the sake of the overpaying customers."	1
18238	"Food was good. Everything was right, but they never have any of the toys offered on the mconalds preorder app exept for what they call inisex, which is really just for boys, and were very short with me and rude when i asked for a proper toy for my little 2 yr old daughter. She is obviously not into a avengers."	2
18239	I've ubered and ordered at this particular McDonald's and I've always had a positive experience. They don't ignore you and they actually get to their customers in the order that they are in. Great team up there and positive work attitude!	5
18240	Who doesn't love McDonalds fries... quick service it always fast not really a long wait... Mmmmmm fries.....	5
18241	"Love this spot. Convenient location right off of major highways, food is prepared properly, drive-thru turns over quickly, coffee is delicious. No complaints. This is what every McDonald's should be like."	5
18242	"Fast service, hot fries fresh burgers. It's McD's. Somehow the food is fresher in our drive thru only world...

People at this one always are nice considering they need to deal with peeps like me that never know what they want. It's been the same basic menu for decades. LOL"	5
18243	"If I could give them no s I would.. they have been messing up my order for year's. Remodel didn't help nothing,  still sucks. I've complained to a district manager,  don't help. I've had 1 nice manager,  but she still got my order wrong... I swear at one point I thought I was on boiling point, or there was a hidden camera. Cuz they got my order wrong 3x's in s row... this place is A JOKE...."	1
18244	It's a pretty nice McDonald's. Not highest quality of food of course cuz it's fast food but I like the fries and getting deals. I've tried the mobile order a few times too and it's cool how they bring it to you and feels like there's less wait.	4
18245	"This restaurant had an nice increase in customer service once new management took over (at least I think it was new MGMT), and a remodel. Now, however, they seem to be sliding back into giving constant wrong orders, not giving there sauces that they make you ask for (don't forget to ask for ketchup at the window, since they don't seem to want to take that part at the speaker).  We are back into driving to the Southlake location to give them it money since they rarely get our order wrong.  Thankfully, we don't eat McDonald's that often anymore, otherwise this review would be lower"	3
18246	"Got the buttermilk chicken sandwich and not even sure if there was chicken. Bit untonit and had a cold grey semi solid mass caked in flavorless breading. Fries were soggy and unappealing. Usually no matter what Mcds you go to you expect some consistancy, with this one in Roanoke you can expect consistent bad food. Stay clear of this place. Staff definitely doesn't care and to say the food is subpar would be a compliment."	1
18247	"If you don't know what you're getting into when you go to a McDonald's, you're probably coloring more often than reading. My Sprite tasted EXACTLY like Sprite."	5
18248	"They watered their parking lot with a poorly-engineered irrigation syztem right before days of hard freeze,let everyone skate through the ice for a day before closing during the majority of the freeze when everyone needed a hot meal.
Whataburger stayed open and served a limited menu to support Roanoke."	2
18249	"This McDonalds sucks. They recently had a remodel which means the inside is nice and they have the fancy double drive-thru, but unfortunately the remodel could not fix the main issue with this McDonalds: The management.

The management is either not training employees properly or teaching them to bend the rules to keep a good drive-thru timer, because you will always have to pull up at this McD's. Always. Even for perfectly reasonable orders at perfectly reasonable times (1 burger + fry at 3pm = pull up next to the 3-4 other cars already there).

The one manager I've had the displeasure of dealing with was rude as well. I had to go back due to them forgetting several items on an order (that I had to pull up and wait for more than 5 minutes for, no less) and decided I just wanted it refunded to my card. The manager was rude about refusing to put it back on the card and insisting on giving me cash. The best part? He made me pull up to get the cash.

So again: Mis-managed, terrible McDonalds. It's a franchise for a reason, this one just stinks."	2
18250	"Honestly, I hate to do this, but the moment I walked in, it smelled like a porta potty... and I was like ""let me just order"" I ordered 2 hot and spicy's NO LETTUCE, a large drink and a large fry. The Coke was ok, the fries like always (not full but fresh) and I got one sandwich with lettuce and one without. I told the kid in the front ""this sandwich has lettuce one it"" which prompted him to tell the guy and girl at the grill to please fix it... they shrugged their shoulders and pointed at the monitor and said ""well it only says one sandwich no lettuce...""

I mean come on guys. The kid at the register made an honest mistake and instead of going back and forth with him, just fix the dang sand which! Don't sit there and argue. So the guy in the back snatched the sand which and threw it! At that point I asked for a refund.. little did they know, I speak Spanish. So when the assistant manager asked me what happened I explained to her and she let out this LOOOONNGG sigh... so sorry I am an inconvenience to you, but if you were to train your team members some customer service this wouldn't have been an issue. Jesus, the kid at the register was really nice and well mannered. He gets a 5 . But my experience was just horrible."	1
18251	"They seemed overwhelmed at lunch in Drive thru. Very slow. Then when at window was asked to pull forward when simply ordering a number 2 with nothing special added? Seriously, a quarter pounder takes extra time to make? Now I remember why I dislike McDonalds."	2
18252	Don't use the app & have your husband pick up unless he takes your device because they won't give you the food you've ordered AND paid for!! Never had a problem at this store until now. THUMBS DOWN ON THE MCDS APP AND MANAGEMENT!!!	3
18253	It's McDonald's.  Double drive thru. Good service.  McDonald's menu. Nice triple window different way to service when busy seems to speed things up. So if your racing 114 to work. Its a block through the parking lot or South down 377 (mess in traffic) if heavy use the parking lot entrance to the same menu you see coast to coast and around the globe.	3
18254	"I come here every morning for breakfast on my way to work. Ever since they got the ""Angry Bird eyebrows chick"" workin the drive through my order is always wrong. Not a little wrong like very wrong! Today was a simple order of a Coke and a sausage biscuit with strawberry jam. But she trys to give me a Frappuccino. Then after I clarify what I ordered again I get a Dr pepper instead of a Coke and then grape instead of strawberry. This is a everyday occurrence when she is working the drive-thru window. I even have talked to the shift manger and he laughed it off. I cant wait for the new Mc Ds to open on 114 and 35!!"	1
18255	"I wouldn't normally write a review, especially for a McDonalds that I go to often, but recently I have been going through the drive through and have seen a man that has twice as much enthusiasm as anybody else working there. I believe his name is Brandon, but every time I go he always seems to brighten my day."	5
18256	Crazy manager at this McDonald's abusing customers. I've never been to McDonald's THAT HAS YOUNG latin Manger yelling at customer. I was surprised as he hanging out the drive-thru window and people just driving away.	1
18257	"God is love, but this McDonald don't have love. Manager are rude and not professional. I order my food instead of her thanking me I thank her.  That's something Jesus will do. I will pray for her tho. I just don't think it's a place to relax and enjoy your family time."	1
18258	Absolute worst service. The manager has no control over her employees. Absolutely rude and unprofessional.	1
18259	This place is the worst.  It smelled like manure.  I had to go to the counter like 3 times before the order was complete. Cold fries and burnt apple pies. I didnt like this olace at all.  Next birthday for my grandson will be somewhere else.	1
18260	"Some people still swear that McDonald's has the best coffee. It's not my personal favorite, but it's good and inexpensive. Discounts for seniors. Love the value meal selections too."	5
18261	Very clean lobby and facility. Coffee was fresh. Service was quick.	4
18262	The kiddos love to stop by and play in the play places.  This location has a bathroom in the play area which is awesome for the potty training years.  The resturant and play area was very clean and staff was around every so often to check on the cleaniness.  This is one of our favorite locations to visit.	5
18263	Classic fast food with addictive french fries. Burgers are prepared and cooked the same across the US. Consistency and quality are worth each visit.	4
18264	Very disappointed with this McDonald's! I ordered a crispy buttermilk chicken sandwich meal and supersize my order when I drove uo to the window I paid my total and then I sat there waiting for about 5 minutes so I said to myself maybe they're cooking a fresh chicken so I didn't mind the wait. Well when I got home I took the first bite on the sandwich and let me tell you THAT CHICKEN HAD BEEN SEATING ON THE HEAT PAN FOR A VERY LONG TIME BECAUSE IT WAS LITERALLY HARD LIKE A ROCK AND IT WAS NOT JUICY AT ALL IT WAS VERY DRY! and then the fries that I got were overcooked every single one of them were burnt!	1
18265	"This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. I've tried it several times, mostly because it's on the way to my work...but after today, honestly, I'd rather skip breakfast all together. I got a completely soggy hash brown, soggy all the way around. I got a small caramel frappe with a shot of espresso. They put the espresso on the bottom and just poured the Frappe on top, so all I got was espresso when I first tried it. To add insult to injury, they put it in a small cup and dumped the rest out (it should have been in a medium cup). I worked at a McDonald's for over 2 years and this one does not follow procedures at all"	1
18266	Always enjoy this McDonald's and I am not a fan of the food. The food is hot and correct majority of the time. The play area is great and staff is friendly. Keep up the good work.	4
18267	They were wicked fast and very friendly! I had actually stopped going to any McDonalds because of bad experiences elsewhere with really dry nuggets. Did not regret getting food there today.	5
18268	"Always fast, their food always tastes much more delicious than other mcdonalds."	4
18269	"The food was fresh, but of course it should be during lunch hour, the staff couldnt keep up with the flow of customers coming in. They handed me the wrong order which had a triple cheeseburger on it (which i ate with no regret) instead of the two cheeseburger meal i ordered."	3
18270	"I used to go to this McDonald's every morning for breakfast. The customer service has gone to hell and they haven't gotten my order correct in the drive thru for 8 days in a row. No one speaks English well enough to complain, they just look at you and smile."	1
18271	"This McDonald's screws up 96% of the time! Tonight was the last straw. My husband ordered 2 large fries, 2 PLAIN McChickens, and 2 large drinks.....The drinks were great.....the rest was not even what he ordered and OLD. In the bag was a fillet o fish (which to my surprise was the only fresh thing), 2 medium 5 year old fries, and 2- 10 year old cheeseburgers...seriously, the cheeseburgers were so old the cheese was crusting. Where is the quality????? They don't care if people are upset and/or get food poisoning?? Granted my husband should have checked the bag before leaving, but he didn't think to (not surprised). I was definitely upset the order was wrong and said whatever and we were going to eat it because we basically got smaller fries, but an extra sandwich, but those CHEESEBURGERS were so horrendous that whoever put that order together should be fired because it was just wrong..meat and cheese was well past shelf life and the pics I upload will show it. Way to go McDonald's for providing POOR SERVICE yet again."	1
18272	Urger buns taxted stale. Fries were little more than broken potato sticks. Absolutely terrible location!	2
18273	"Clean play area for children, minimal staff but working hard. I asked for veggie sandwhich because I am a vegitarian, i said ""lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, onion stuff like that"" but my sandwhich came out with pickles and cheese. :0( they took it back put a tomatoe and 1 peace of lettuce on it. I wish McDonalds had a nice big veggie sandwich to fill me up."	4
18274	"I just want to say
1. MCDonalds does NOT take phone orders!also you would not believe the amount of prank calls they get a night
2. There hasn                "	5
18275	It's insane how McDonald's now announces there burgers are now real beef. Hmmm big problems have now surfaced with child obesity.  Their food is good but usually your order will be wrong or short of something.  Bring on the robots. ting with Corporate	3
18276	First time in a long time that I have been to McDonald's and the staff actually treated me like they appreciated my being a customer. I took off 1  because they were stingy with the mayo on my hamburger.	4
18277	"They were closed on new year's eve and there was no sign put out. The Google hours showed open, couple of cars pulled up the drive through but no response and lights were on like they were in there."	3
18278	"Ew omg, the coke is so disgusting, it does not taste like coke, it taste so disgusting, and they take their time like i don't have a 30 minute lunch                          "	1
18279	Took my 3 year old here to eat and play in the play place. There was a homeless man sitting in there with his no socks or shoes on. Multiple employees walked by him without saying anything	1
18280	"What's with the weak coffee?! The McDonald's coffee usually has a great flavor, this morning its like dirty warm water, weak and diluted! During breakfast lunch, unacceptable!"	1
18281	"I've never had a good experience with any McDonald's I've ever been to, so I usually avoid McD if possible.  My only visit to this McDonald's in Roanoke messed up my order.  I had ordered 2 hamburgers with no mud, fries and drink.  I get home only to discover that the hamburgers did not have ketchup and onions, but were instead covered in mud.  Won't be back."	1
18282	They are doing a remodel for the lobby. But the drive through was open. Associate was very nice and we had a nice conversation while waiting on the food.	5
18283	"They have big macs :) but no all day breakfast :(... mobile app works well though, make sure you activate the order when u arrive ""I'M HERE"" or no one will know what you're talking about"	4
18284	Drive thru lady is awful. The service was horrible	1
18285	Girl taking orders in the drive through didn't listen very well. Asked for 2 hashbrowns it was never added to my order. I said it 3 times.	2
18286	Today they see me inside waiting for orden and no body attend me today 7/22/21 time 6:27 am they look at me 3 time and don't ask can I help you..and the male manager he see me and ignore me..I like this mcdonal I'm the truck driver I coming every day but this male is not good..and  I left with hungry..!!!	1
18287	This is the second time I've been to this McDonald's and waited longer than 10 minutes with no service. Went at 2pm no one in line no one in drive thru. #poorservice #lazystaff don't even realize they being photographed while sitting at their table	1
18288	"It's pretty much just a McDonald's. The woman at the window was friendly, but my order was incorrect the first time around and although they did fix it it took a bit more time than i would've liked."	3
18289	"Very dissappointed today. Sunday breakfast, understaffed, very very slow service. Customers had to ask for utensils, cream, etc with every order. Staff seemed to suffer from inadequate training and nobody seemed to be hustling."	1
18290	THE STAFF WAS KIND AND COURTEOUS. THEY QUICKLY CORRECTED MY ORDER WHEN I RECEIVED IT WITHOUT KETCHUP OR BBQ SAUCE	5
18291	Ordered a Big Mac with bacon didn't get the bacon on it. Fries were cold. And the gentleman inside was spitting in the trash can ill never go back again	1
18292	You are sure of a good meal every time! Had a great brunch there today.	5
18293	Awesome vanilla cones!!	4
18294	"My over 20 year experience with McDonald's Restaurants in this area (Southlake, Grapevine, Keller, Northlake, and north FW) This one is by far the best one. I have been eating food regularly from this Roanoke McDonald's for a little over a year now.  This is the only place that makes the Big Mac the way I remember it as a kid. I do not post reviews often at all. I am making this one because of my experiences at all of the area McDonalds. If you decide to eat McDonald's, go to this one."	5
18295	That was the best quarter pounder I've had in years! .for real! Every once in awhile it's great. I would have taken a picture...but I wasn't thinking. Picture perfect	5
18296	The ladies restroom smell horrible. Moldy and mildew-y smell. Very very strong smell that I could smell through my mask.	2
18297	This location had me pull up to a number lane and wait for my food and NEVER CAME with it!! wth!!	1
18298	Charged me for someone else who already drove offs meal. Then got my order wrong. Spent 20 minutes for fast food in the drive thru	2
18299	"Order some food and they forgot to give me , my Cheeseburgers... I always check the bag before I leave. I told them and the girl said it was in there...I told her you want to come and check..."	2
18300	"Ate inside,  food was fine and order was correct.    Overall was a good visit.    Just wish was a little cleaner of a restaurant."	4
18301	"The service at this McDonald's is always spotty, this time they made my iced latte a hot latte not a big deal but they consistently mess up the orders and I love McDonalds in general"	2
18302	We go to this McDonalds because they had a really cool electronic board that the kids could play on it was interactive and very neat well for the last five times they tell us the board is broke.. we only get a drink there I'm so we only go to for the play area and since it's broke my son has been very sad	2
18303	I think this place is under new management. I had a quarter pounder and it was really good and made right. Friendly service and very clean.	4
18304	"Great neighborhood McD. It's not open 24/7, but has enough friendly staff to keep its drive through going while quickly serving your order if you're inside."	5
18305	17 minutes in the drive thru. . . ..just wow.. had the order incorrect at the pay window. . .food was extremely hot so that was nice.	1
18306	"Unfortunately they got my order wrong, but I still gave 4 bevause the employees are always so nice and friendly."	4
18307	"Good food,friendly service and pretty quick as well"	5
18308	It's ok food wise mostly I've had few issue with my coffee so I don't get coffee anymore there but the workers are very attentive and nice..	3
18309	Iced mocha is awesome they make it just right    	5
18310	Guys just to let you know. I hate McDonald's!.... I just keep coming back and knowing that's its killing me. What I'm trying to say is that im addicted and I cant stop eating. I eat because I'm unhappy and I'm unhappy cause I eat. Lol 5 	5
18311	"Clean and good service. The only problem is the drive through window always open because the busy order during morning, flies get in easily."	4
18312	"Came here for McDonald's, was not disappointed.... Loved the arches, some lady hit the curb behind me, kinda funny. Food and service were great."	4
18313	The manager did not have all the equipment working the order was messed up and they did not have the option to do Google or Apple pay or take credit cards or scan anything on the McDonald's app.	2
18314	"Twice I ordered the quarter pounder deluxe meal and when I get back to work to eat, no lettuce and tomatoes.  Come on!!"	1
18315	It's a McDonald's- standard to a fault.  Has a pretty clean interior but not a lot of booth seating.  The food is what you would expect from McDonald's	4
18316	I walk into the store in Roanoke TX and the employee is sitting on the counter and leaning on the cups with his but touching them I wonder where else he's been sitting at maybe where the food is made.	1
18317	good for when ya need it.. that new spicy chicken sandy                    	4
18318	"There worse ! Wet lettuce  or dead.
Fries or nasty burnt dried up 5.00 Sunday Sept 25.  Made attempt  to call management  but kept  hanging  up there phone. This restaurant  needs to shut down."	2
18319	Good drive thru setup. Orders have been correct every time.	5
18320	Manager waited on lacked enthusiasm. Team member stocking lids napkins and straws didn't bother stepping aside for customers to get their articles needed.	3
18321	"They get the order right, the good is always hot.  The kids enjoy the play place and the whole place is clean."	4
18322	How do you miss a patty on a big mac? -_- First time going there too.	2
18323	Horrible customer service. Manager is a very unhappy person who obviously does not want to be there.	1
18324	"I used the drive through to order food before going to work. Service was a little slower than usual, but food was hot."	3
18325	Flavorless grease bombs. This chain in general has gone down hill in a big way.	1
18326	Rude on the drive thru speaker and at the window the only postive was the person who  gave me my food. She was very kind and polite to me.	2
18327	"Best mc Donalds EVA!!!
they made for me fresh coffee (super quick) , and the cookies were just baked, you made my night guys!"	5
18328	Sat in the drive thru for about 15 to 20 min because they were very busy and still got very cold food. Took the fries back. Very disappointed.	2
18329	Took my nephew to play & eat. First one ive been to with a working interactive floor projection game. Suited my needs	4
18330	I was told to pull forward and park so I did and I waited for 30 minutes and when I went in to ask about my food they said they forgot about me. I got a refund and left.	1
18331	Not a big fan of McDonald's but I do love their fries and cheeseburgers!	4
18332	The staff is rude. My orders are seldom correct. Management is indignant when you call with an issue.	1
18333	This is a McDonald's so the food is normal and good I liked the service here and would come again	4
18334	Went for the kids play area. It smelt musty and like mildew. Kinda gross. But the  again it's McDonalds so my expectations weren't super high.	3
18335	"Best damn McDonalds I've ever been too,  best of service and finally all orders were right!! Rock on"	5
18336	Ordered a mcgriddle. Got a mcempty. Horrendous place.	1
18337	"This is the best McDonalds around. They always get it right , fresh and fast"	5
18338	Amazing Night Crew and Management! Very professional and friendly staff. Great Service!	5
18339	Fastest drive thru McDonalds in the area. Friendly customer service. The restaurant kids area is always clean and kept up.	5
18340	"I am not usually a fan of Mickey D's, but this is a great place for a good fast breakfast. A great staff.

Lance"	5
18341	Just not a friendly place to eat and u rise your prices during covid19 u should be a shame of yourself never again will I eat here again.	1
18342	"It's McD's with your usual rude service. We were there veterans weekend and were greater with friendly service, unusual."	3
18343	Surprisingly friendly service	5
18344	Clean and nice but I wish the playground did not have broken lights and projector	3
18345	"My wife watched the lady cleaning the bathroom take the mop bucket straight to the lobby where she mopped the floor then the bench where people sit. Same water, same mop, same bucket, disgusting!"	2
18346	Efficient even when busy. Can't speak for the inside but clean parking lot and drive thru lane.	5
18347	"Look nice as they just updated,  service sucks still. I can bet on them forgetting something every time. Management is bad."	3
18348	Only had 8 nuggets in my box and the fries were way past shelf life.	2
18349	Only ever had one order correct and they are pretty slow for never being busy.	3
18350	Keep up the good work. The food was hot and fresh. Super impressed with this facility.	5
18351	"It's McDonald's .. always reliable, wide menu, consistently original tastes. Get the app for some fantastic deals!"	5
18352	great job	5
18353	Always great service  one of the faster drive-thru	4
18354	Someone who doesn                           t know how to	1
18355	Just like any other McDonalds. The bathrooms are clean and the service is good.	4
18356	You have it your way at McDonald's always good and fast	5
18357	"The food is good the service is fast, but they ALWAYS seem to screw up your order or and forget something.  Napkins, utensils eta."	4
18358	Always good service and friendly.	5
18359	The one by my house in Parkland had mice and rats they were closed down I wouldn't go to another McDonald's they're filthy inside.	1
18360	Food was great this morning. Need to turn A/C on so it's not so moist n humid inside.	4
18361	"The Latino Girl that works there has a bad attitude. Other than that , it's a nice experience."	3
18362	Bad place didn't get my fries or a hamburger.	1
18363	Service was fast enough and prices were alright. The nuggets weren't up to traditional McDonald's standards.	3
18364	"We know that the order is good quality and we can count on getting exactly what we order.
Thanks"	5
18365	Getting better but better check your order	4
18366	I was not there. I do not eat there.	1
18367	Food is good . Drive thru line takes too long .	4
18368	"If you go in it's okay, but check your order before you leave the drive thru."	3
18369	"Fun for the kids, the staff was nice, and the food was good for McDonald's. The AC was great :)"	4
18370	How can this place change staff so often and guaranteed to get tour order wrong	2
18371	When you gotta have your Big Mac fix there's no place like this.	4
18372	"No time to make quality prepared food, fries Luke warm, burger buns hard with no moisture . totally disappointing"	1
18373	Took 20 minutes inside this morning for 1ausage & bisquit.  Food was OK. Warm.	2
18374	DISGUSTING! Do NOT eat here. Hair in food! Elliot the manager did absolutely nothing and didn           	1
18375	Staff was efficient and polite & many compliments on the cleanliness of the play area.	5
18376	Repeated wrong orders and long wait times for standard orders. I make a longer drive to another McDonalds to avoid this one.	1
18377	"It took 13 minutes to get my order and when I got it and sat down to eat, the lady came my table and moped under my table. Wow!!!!"	1
18378	They have separate AC for their play area which is awesome.	5
18379	Waited in line a long time. Everything ice cold.  Fries tasted like old fryer oil.	1
18380	Waited 15 mintues for 2 chicken sandwiches and a medium fry. Trash cans whete full.	1
18381	They make me wait a long time to get my order	1
18382	"11 minutes between order and food,  then 5 more for the rest of the order, hash browns sausage muffin soda, nothing extra or fancy"	2
18383	Always love me a Royale with cheese	5
18384	They gave us wrong order...  had to wait 15 mins r longer to get are right order	2
18385	Clean and friendly . Great deals on the McDonald's app. Check it out .	5
18386	"Almost no fries, old cheeseburger, sweet tea with no sugar, a phone that just rings with no answer."	1
18387	Always check your order. Said Sausage Egg McMuffin.... Got sausage muffin no egg.	1
18388	"Fraco and other workers work hard to get paid,i saw them today running around getting orders-10/23/18"	4
18389	Why go to this McDonald's when I can go literally anywhere else that won't be jerks to me and get my order wrong and then be even more rude when I tell them politely it's wrong.	1
18390	The folks here were so great.  I would highly recommend  there in the furniture	5
18391	FAST MADE IT BACK FROM LUNCH ON TIME FOOD WAS HOT AND FRESH	5
18392	"Breakfast at Mickey Ds, cant really go wrong!"	4
18393	Good service. Burger was not fresh. Meet was dry.	3
18394	"Clean facility, polite staff, and food served hot. Can't ask for more!"	5
18395	Fry's weren't cooked all the way.	4
18396	No complaints	4
18397	Very helpful in meeting my request purchasing cookies.	5
18398	"They've got some lovely burgers, good price ty"	5
18399	Breakfast only for  Dollar and a half Big Biscuit sausage nice Brown	3
18400	McDonalds is good even when its bad which is almost never	5
18401	Nice place to have quick lunch without any interruption or delay.	5
18402	"Good service hot fresh food,  fast counter service"	3
18403	"Fast service, friendly and courteous people. I would eat here again."	4
18404	They got our order wrong like three times I revisited. Never again	2
18405	This mcdonald's is always fast and friendly	5
18406	"Worst service, terrible food, especially when receiving wrong order & employee had attitude."	1
18407	This is unfortunately the closest McDonald's to me. The food is always gross. They always..ALWAYS give me raw fries. AND A COLD BURGER. It's infuriating.	1
18408	I used that restroom. Don't eat here.    	1
18409	"Fast fresh food no African
American people only one race that concerms me"	4
18410	"Food is good and place is clean,  great staff."	4
18411	Indoor playground smells of mold. The ceiling and ventilation have black mold.	2
18412	Great kid friendly option especially during these hot Texas summers.	4
18413	Quick and friendly customer service.	5
18414	"Great, fresh food, hot and ready, friendly staff."	5
18415	Weird drive thru but everything OK	3
18416	Good and fresh. Even coffee	5
18417	Everyone was very nice store was clean service was very good	4
18418	Theyre always updating the play area. Been bringing my kid here since he was born	5
18419	Roanoke public library sponsors a short time here and it's so fun!	5
18420	Customer serv I very is getting better but still not up to par.	3
18421	They are fast but they almost always screw up your order!	2
18422	"This one of the cleanest, and friendliest McDonalds in the entire DFW."	5
18423	Only go for the coffee but have to let them bring it to my car every time speed it up please	3
18424	This is the cleanest McDonald's I have ever been to.	5
18425	Egg McDuffie hit the spot.  Drive thru was quick and staff was great.	4
18426	It's a Mcdonald's.. We all know what they offer.	4
18427	Order taker was the most rude I have ever encountered anywhere.	2
18428	The fish fillet sandwich shows lettuce but the one I got did not have lettuce	1
18429	"Always crowded, but not because the service and food is good, but because badly staffed. Day and night."	2
18430	It's McDonald's. And yes their ice cream machine is broken 90% of the time.	3
18431	Ice cream machine was not working!  Pleasant employees.	4
18432	"Nice, clean and respectful. Unlike some areas in the Dallas area"	3
18433	The music they play suck please get rid of it put some 50s 60s and 70s	2
18434	It's a McDonald's. They're fine if you're in the mood for McDonald's.	3
18435	"Service is slow, food same as other McDonalds"	3
18436	I love it everything is perfect to need to question any thing.	5
18437	Good hot food and excellent customer service	4
18438	"On the cheap, greasy place to go. Always consistent from one to next"	5
18439	Dirty food on the floor only one table clean ! Drink area was a mess	1
18440	"My food was fresh,  right on time."	5
18441	It was ok but the food was cold	5
18442	Food is good. Employees friendly. In and out.	5
18443	People are always nice.	4
18444	Always fast and accurate when going thru drive thru	5
18445	It's McDonalds. Yuck but it will do in a bind.	3
18446	"Like everything about it, but just don't like how the restroom smells..."	4
18447	The fries were not cooked some were still ice cold inside.	2
18448	They couldn't get an order right if their life depended on it.	1
18449	They got order completely wrong.  Overcharged.  At that	1
18450	best	5
18451	Wonderful staff and selection. Orgazinered store too.	5
18452	Service was fast and friendly.	4
18453	"There's always something they r out of, this last time no ice cream"	1
18454	Fun play place and we like the ice cream cones	4
18455	They will mess up your order constantly	1
18456	"Orders are always wrong, staff is unfriendly and slow."	2
18457	Great location always fast and friendly.	5
18458	The employee at drive thru and fast service	5
18459	Slower then molasses and never get your order right.	1
18460	I got sick within one hour of eating here.	1
18461	"Got order confused, but no harm, just had to clarify."	4
18462	"Easy in and out, friendly drive thru employees"	5
18463	The employees are so unfriendly.	1
18464	Definitely Mackey d's	4
18465	Always check your bag... It's McDonald's	4
18466	The kids enjoyed it more than I did	3
18467	They get my order wrong alot	3
18468	Best fries you can have.	4
18469	Awesome service and food was hot	5
18470	"almost always wrong, but super nice staff."	2
18471	It's McDonald's food was ok	3
18472	Great service. Very fast.	5
18473	Food was hot service was fast	5
18474	Love the food always will	5
18475	They are overpriced and had no condiments	2
18476	"Got order wrong.  Grunt a ""here ya go""."	2
18477	Very rude keep talking to each other not to customer	1
18478	Simply one of the few best ones McD	5
18479	A bit slow on the drive through.	3
18480	The worst McDonald's I have been to across Texas!	1
18481	"Big Mac and fries, can't go wrong!"	4
18482	Great food and speedy service	5
18483	Always pretty good. That's a good thing!	4
18484	Hot and fresh fries about burned my mouth	5
18485	My soda came out as thicc as my ex	1
18486	Today was good enjoying a mocha frappe	5
18487	Really good service	4
18488	"Good food, fast service."	4
18489	Best ice coffee best price!	5
18490	My son loved this place.	5
18491	don't go at night it's horrible	1
18492	Great Salads Except For Stale Boiled Egg.	1
18493	Ice cream machine didn't work.	3
18494	Prices are cheap to go out to eat.	3
18495	I'm in luv with the manager daisy    	5
18496	Great service every time.	4
18497	Great people and great service everytime	5
18498	It is normal just like any other one. Nothing special.	3
18499	Food always wrong and over cooked	2
18500	Enjoyed eating there	4
18501	"Same 0 same 0,         "	5
18502	Mmm mcrib	5
18503	Its okay when your hungry and in a rush	3
18504	easy in easy out  quick  professional	5
18505	It's ok. Average.	3
18506	Really good service and good bathrooms	5
18507	Good quick tasty	4
18508	Good Tex Mex and margaritas.	4
18509	Mushroom Burger was a little bit weak	3
18510	Always fast. Always friendly.	4
18511	On point 250 break menu	4
18512	Found a hair in my big mac	1
18513	They forgot my order	1
18514	My kid could live here..	5
18515	"Great service, great people!"	5
18516	Great price on breakfast.	5
18517	Just like any mcdonalds	5
18518	"It's McDonald's,what else can you expect?"	3
18519	Great people great food	5
18520	Quick reasonable filling	4
18521	Great customer service!	5
18522	My grandson's favorite place	5
18523	Service was fast and good	5
18524	Friendly staff and clean restaurant	5
18525	Has got better over the years	5
18526	Fast service and good food	5
18527	        	5
18528	Very friendly service	5
18529	Cleab playplace and a friendly staff	5
18530	Great food	5
18531	Gotta love a big mack	5
18532	Clean and well staffed	5
18533	Great friendly service	5
18534	Good service good food	4
18535	Good food	4
18536	Vary good	5
18537	It was OK	5
18538	Because it has a place ground	5
18539	Good coffee	5
18540	Always what is expected from Micy	4
18541	Typical McDonald's experience.	3
18542	"It is McDonald's

I had #3"	5
18543	     are always Fresh...    	4
18544	Very clean and friendly.	5
18545	It was a great breakfast	5
18546	I hate here often	5
18547	Best customer service	5
18548	A little on the dirty side.	3
18549	They suck	1
18550	"Good service, fast"	5
18551	"Fast, kind personnel."	4
18552	If your in hurry i guess	2
18553	Fast drive thru	5
18554	Helpful and quick service	5
18555	Slow service and rude	2
18556	Very slow service	1
18557	Good.	3
18558	Like for quick bite	4
18559	Love this place in town ....	5
18560	I'm fat ok	5
18561	Best McDonald's ever!!!!!	5
18562	Nice  place  to eat	4
18563	Just love this place	5
18564	Not good service	1
18565	Excellent 	5
18566	Terrible	1
18567	Quick service	5
18568	Lines too long	2
18569	Mmmmm	4
18570	Not a fan.....	2
18571	Not enough smiles	1
18572	It's just another McDonald's	3
18573	Like it very much	5
18574	Good coffee.	5
18575	Loving it	5
18576	Good as usual...	4
18577	Super	5
18578	It's... McDonald's.  What else can you say?	3
18579	Nice playplace	4
18580	Meh.....	3
18581	Fast	5
18582	Denton	4
18583	Love storytime!	5
18584	You know what you get	4
18585	Average at best	3
18586	"Good, as usual."	4
18587	It was great    	5
18588	Meh	1
18589	Good for the kids	4
18590	Just an okay McDonald's.	3
18591	Great	4
18592	Always good	5
18593	Love the McChicken	5
18594	Dirty!!!!	1
18595	Good	5
18596	Great place.	5
18597	it's McDonald's what else is there?	3
18598	Great	5
18599	Perfect	5
18600	Very busy!	4
18601	Same ol McDonald's	4
18602	It was aight	5
18603	As American as it gets!	3
18604	Could be better	4
18605	It was ok.	2
18606	Fast and accurate	4
18607	Very clean	5
18608	Fast service	3
18609	Bad service	1
18610	Poop on urinal	5
18611	K	4
18612	Typical	2
18613	Fresh fries.	4
18614	Slow	3
18615	It's McDonald's	5
18616	Quick Service.	3
18617	Excellent 	5
18618	Fast service	4
18619	Fast food!	5
18620	Friend service	3
18621	Lovin' it.	4
18622	Spicy mcchickens	5
18623	Nasty place	1
18624	Ok mcdonalds	5
18625	Cheap meals.	3
18626	Chicken nugget	4
18627	SLOW...SLOW...SLOW	1
18628	It's McDonald's	3
18629	It's McDonald's	3
18630	SUCK !!!!!!!!	1
18631	very bad service	1
18632	"My children love it, it's fine for breakfast, for a meal, oh, whether you're craving an iced coffee or an iced drink"	5
18633	Excellent service and kindness	5
18634	Good attention	5
18635	It's a good place I visit it 4 days a week I love McDonald's	5
18636	They serve you very well the hamburgers make them at the moment thanks McDonald's	5
18637	The staff is super friendly and the food is very good!	5
18638	Delicious freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.	5
18639	It took me a long time and my food was cold	1
18640	Excellent food and service	4
18641	All good	4
18642	Very badly	1
18643	I like it a lot	5
18644	Mickey DEES mink	4
18645	Good morning care.	5
18646	Very tasty!!	4
18647	Good 	4
18648	Excellent 	5
18649	Great taste!	5
18650	disapointed 	1
18651	Excellent 	5
18652	Poor 	2
18653	Good 	4
18654	Pleasant	4
18655	I do not like the food	2
18656	the food is so-so	3
18657	Excellent 	5
18658	good big mac	3
18659	Neutral	3
18660	Good 	4
18661	Good 	4
18662	Good 	4
18663	Excellent 	5
18664	Neutral	3
18665	Good 	4
18666	Good 	4
18667	Excellent 	5
18668	Neutral	3
18669	Excellent 	5
18670	Excellent 	5
18671	Good 	4
18672	Poor 	2
18673	Poor 	2
18674	Excellent 	5
18675	Good 	4
18676	Neutral	3
18677	Excellent 	5
18678	Excellent 	5
18679	Good 	4
18680	Good 	4
18681	disapointed 	1
18682	disapointed 	1
18683	Good 	4
18684	Excellent 	5
18685	Excellent 	5
18686	Good 	4
18687	Neutral	3
18688	Good 	4
18689	Neutral	3
18690	disapointed 	1
18691	disapointed 	1
18692	Excellent 	5
18693	Good 	4
18694	Excellent 	5
18695	Good 	4
18696	Good 	4
18697	Good 	4
18698	Neutral	3
18699	Excellent 	5
18700	Excellent 	5
18701	Excellent 	5
18702	Neutral	3
18703	Good 	4
18704	Excellent 	5
18705	Excellent 	5
18706	Excellent 	5
18707	Neutral	3
18708	Good 	4
18709	Good 	4
18710	Good 	4
18711	Neutral	3
18712	Excellent 	5
18713	Good 	4
18714	Neutral	3
18715	Excellent 	5
18716	Excellent 	5
18717	Neutral	3
18718	Excellent 	5
18719	Good 	4
18720	Excellent 	5
18721	Excellent 	5
18722	Excellent 	5
18723	Neutral	3
18724	Good 	4
18725	Excellent 	5
18726	Neutral	3
18727	Neutral	3
18728	disapointed 	1
18729	Good 	4
18730	Poor 	2
18731	Neutral	3
18732	Neutral	3
18733	Good 	4
18734	Excellent 	5
18735	Good 	4
18736	Good 	4
18737	Excellent 	5
18738	Excellent 	5
18739	Neutral	3
18740	Excellent 	5
18741	disapointed 	1
18742	Excellent 	5
18743	Good 	4
18744	Poor 	2
18745	disapointed 	1
18746	Good 	4
18747	Good 	4
18748	Excellent 	5
18749	Excellent 	5
18750	Excellent 	5
18751	Excellent 	5
18752	Excellent 	5
18753	Good 	4
18754	disapointed 	1
18755	Excellent 	5
18756	disapointed 	1
18757	Excellent 	5
18758	Good 	4
18759	Neutral	3
18760	Neutral	3
18761	Excellent 	5
18762	Good 	4
18763	Good 	4
18764	Good 	4
18765	Excellent 	5
18766	Excellent 	5
18767	Good 	4
18768	Excellent 	5
18769	Excellent 	5
18770	Excellent 	5
18771	Good 	4
18772	Excellent 	5
18773	Good 	4
18774	Excellent 	5
18775	Excellent 	5
18776	Good 	4
18777	Excellent 	5
18778	Good 	4
18779	Neutral	3
18780	Neutral	3
18781	Neutral	3
18782	Excellent 	5
18783	Excellent 	5
18784	Poor 	2
18785	Excellent 	5
18786	Neutral	3
18787	Good 	4
18788	Neutral	3
18789	Poor 	2
18790	Good 	4
18791	Good 	4
18792	Poor 	2
18793	Good 	4
18794	Excellent 	5
18795	Good 	4
18796	Neutral	3
18797	Excellent 	5
18798	Excellent 	5
18799	Neutral	3
18800	Good 	4
18801	Excellent 	5
18802	Excellent 	5
18803	Excellent 	5
18804	Good 	4
18805	Excellent 	5
18806	Good 	4
18807	Excellent 	5
18808	Good 	4
18809	Excellent 	5
18810	Neutral	3
18811	Poor 	2
18812	Excellent 	5
18813	Neutral	3
18814	Good 	4
18815	Excellent 	5
18816	Neutral	3
18817	Good 	4
18818	Excellent 	5
18819	disapointed 	1
18820	Excellent 	5
18821	disapointed 	1
18822	Neutral	3
18823	Neutral	3
18824	Excellent 	5
18825	Good 	4
18826	Poor 	2
18827	Good 	4
18828	Good 	4
18829	Excellent 	5
18830	Good 	4
18831	Excellent 	5
18832	Excellent 	5
18833	Good 	4
18834	Good 	4
18835	Good 	4
18836	Excellent 	5
18837	Neutral	3
18838	Excellent 	5
18839	Excellent 	5
18840	Excellent 	5
18841	disapointed 	1
18842	Neutral	3
18843	Poor 	2
18844	Good 	4
18845	Neutral	3
18846	disapointed 	1
18847	Poor 	2
18848	Neutral	3
18849	Excellent 	5
18850	Excellent 	5
18851	disapointed 	1
18852	disapointed 	1
18853	Good 	4
18854	Excellent 	5
18855	Excellent 	5
18856	Excellent 	5
18857	Excellent 	5
18858	Excellent 	5
18859	Excellent 	5
18860	Good 	4
18861	Good 	4
18862	Excellent 	5
18863	disapointed 	1
18864	Good 	4
18865	Excellent 	5
18866	Neutral	3
18867	Excellent 	5
18868	Poor 	2
18869	Excellent 	5
18870	disapointed 	1
18871	Neutral	3
18872	Excellent 	5
18873	Excellent 	5
18874	Excellent 	5
18875	Excellent 	5
18876	Good 	4
18877	Excellent 	5
18878	Good 	4
18879	Poor 	2
18880	Good 	4
18881	Excellent 	5
18882	Excellent 	5
18883	Good 	4
18884	Good 	4
18885	Excellent 	5
18886	Neutral	3
18887	Good 	4
18888	disapointed 	1
18889	disapointed 	1
18890	disapointed 	1
18891	Neutral	3
18892	Good 	4
18893	Excellent 	5
18894	Good 	4
18895	Good 	4
18896	Good 	4
18897	Good 	4
18898	Excellent 	5
18899	Neutral	3
18900	Good 	4
18901	Excellent 	5
18902	Excellent 	5
18903	Excellent 	5
18904	disapointed 	1
18905	Good 	4
18906	Neutral	3
18907	Neutral	3
18908	disapointed 	1
18909	Neutral	3
18910	Excellent 	5
18911	Neutral	3
18912	disapointed 	1
18913	Good 	4
18914	Good 	4
18915	Excellent 	5
18916	Excellent 	5
18917	Excellent 	5
18918	Poor 	2
18919	Good 	4
18920	Good 	4
18921	Excellent 	5
18922	Excellent 	5
18923	Good 	4
18924	Good 	4
18925	Neutral	3
18926	Excellent 	5
18927	Excellent 	5
18928	Neutral	3
18929	Neutral	3
18930	Excellent 	5
18931	Neutral	3
18932	Good 	4
18933	Good 	4
18934	Excellent 	5
18935	Neutral	3
18936	Excellent 	5
18937	disapointed 	1
18938	Excellent 	5
18939	Good 	4
18940	Excellent 	5
18941	Good 	4
18942	Good 	4
18943	Neutral	3
18944	Excellent 	5
18945	Neutral	3
18946	Good 	4
18947	Neutral	3
18948	Excellent 	5
18949	Excellent 	5
18950	Poor 	2
18951	Excellent 	5
18952	disapointed 	1
18953	disapointed 	1
18954	Good 	4
18955	Excellent 	5
18956	Excellent 	5
18957	Excellent 	5
18958	Good 	4
18959	Excellent 	5
18960	Excellent 	5
18961	disapointed 	1
18962	Good 	4
18963	Excellent 	5
18964	disapointed 	1
18965	Excellent 	5
18966	Good 	4
18967	Excellent 	5
18968	Excellent 	5
18969	Good 	4
18970	Good 	4
18971	disapointed 	1
18972	Neutral	3
18973	Good 	4
18974	Excellent 	5
18975	Good 	4
18976	Excellent 	5
18977	Poor 	2
18978	Good 	4
18979	Neutral	3
18980	disapointed 	1
18981	Excellent 	5
18982	Neutral	3
18983	Good 	4
18984	Excellent 	5
18985	Excellent 	5
18986	Good 	4
18987	Good 	4
18988	Good 	4
18989	Excellent 	5
18990	Excellent 	5
18991	Neutral	3
18992	Excellent 	5
18993	Neutral	3
18994	Good 	4
18995	Neutral	3
18996	Terrible	1
18997	Excellent 	5
18998	Good 	4
18999	Excellent 	5
19000	Neutral	3
19001	Good 	4
19002	Neutral	3
19003	Poor 	2
19004	Neutral	3
19005	Excellent 	5
19006	Neutral	3
19007	Excellent 	5
19008	Good 	4
19009	Excellent 	5
19010	Excellent 	5
19011	Excellent 	5
19012	Good 	4
19013	Good 	4
19014	Good 	4
19015	Excellent 	5
19016	Excellent 	5
19017	Terrible	1
19018	Excellent 	5
19019	Poor 	2
19020	Terrible	1
19021	Neutral	3
19022	Neutral	3
19023	Excellent 	5
19024	Excellent 	5
19025	Good 	4
19026	Neutral	3
19027	Good 	4
19028	Good 	4
19029	Poor 	2
19030	Excellent 	5
19031	Good 	4
19032	Excellent 	5
19033	"The chicken nuggets were overly greasy and seemed like they were reheated, and the staff lacked basic customer service skills."	1
19034	Excellent 	5
19035	Excellent 	5
19036	Good 	4
19037	Good 	4
19038	Poor 	2
19039	Neutral	3
19040	Excellent 	5
19041	Excellent 	5
19042	Terrible	1
19043	Excellent 	5
19044	Excellent 	5
19045	Good 	4
19046	Good 	4
19047	Excellent 	5
19048	Excellent 	5
19049	Good 	4
19050	Good 	4
19051	Good 	4
19052	Neutral	3
19053	Excellent 	5
19054	Good 	4
19055	Good 	4
19056	Excellent 	5
19057	Neutral	3
19058	Neutral	3
19059	Excellent 	5
19060	Neutral	3
19061	Excellent 	5
19062	Terrible	1
19063	Excellent 	5
19064	Excellent 	5
19065	Excellent 	5
19066	Excellent 	5
19067	Good 	4
19068	Poor 	2
19069	Neutral	3
19070	Good 	4
19071	Terrible	1
19072	Good 	4
19073	Good 	4
19074	Excellent 	5
19075	Good 	4
19076	Good 	4
19077	Poor 	2
19078	Excellent 	5
19079	Good 	4
19080	Excellent 	5
19081	Neutral	3
19082	Excellent 	5
19083	Excellent 	5
19084	Terrible	1
19085	Good 	4
19086	Good 	4
19087	Poor 	2
19088	Neutral	3
19089	Excellent 	5
19090	Good 	4
19091	Terrible	1
19092	Excellent 	5
19093	Good 	4
19094	Excellent 	5
19095	Excellent 	5
19096	Excellent 	5
19097	Excellent 	5
19098	Good 	4
19099	Excellent 	5
19100	Excellent 	5
19101	Good 	4
19102	Excellent 	5
19103	Excellent 	5
19104	Excellent 	5
19105	Excellent 	5
19106	Good 	4
19107	Neutral	3
19108	Neutral	3
19109	"The food was tasteless and lacked any flavor, and the staff was unresponsive to my concerns."	1
19110	Excellent 	5
19111	Good 	4
19112	Terrible	1
19113	Neutral	3
19114	Excellent 	5
19115	Good 	4
19116	Excellent 	5
19117	Excellent 	5
19118	Good 	4
19119	Excellent 	5
19120	Good 	4
19121	Excellent 	5
19122	Good 	4
19123	Good 	4
19124	Excellent 	5
19125	Good 	4
19126	Terrible	1
19127	Excellent 	5
19128	Poor 	2
19129	Good 	4
19130	Excellent 	5
19131	Good 	4
19132	Good 	4
19133	Good 	4
19134	Excellent 	5
19135	Good 	4
19136	Good 	4
19137	Neutral	3
19138	Good 	4
19139	Neutral	3
19140	Good 	4
19141	Excellent 	5
19142	Good 	4
19143	Poor 	2
19144	Neutral	3
19145	Good 	4
19146	Excellent 	5
19147	Good 	4
19148	Excellent 	5
19149	Neutral	3
19150	Excellent 	5
19151	Good 	4
19152	Good 	4
19153	Neutral	3
19154	Excellent 	5
19155	Good 	4
19156	Excellent 	5
19157	Good 	4
19158	Excellent 	5
19159	Excellent 	5
19160	Poor 	2
19161	Excellent 	5
19162	"I only eat at this specific location when I don                           t have time to travel elsewhere. The McDonalds at Newark Penn Station AND Broad & Market street got way better service than this one. No one speaks English, so there       "	1
19163	"Extremely busy Friday night and everybody was busting their butt working so hard. This needs to be acknowledged. They have earned more than five s. Great job, everyone."	5
19164	"Every single time I order on Uber eats or DoorDash or even go to the Drive thru, part of my order is missing. I call to speak to the manager and all I get is attitude. This is an issue as not always do these delivery app                           s refund you.  Or to drive back isn                           t something you can always do.

As someone who was manager at one of the top McDonald                           "	1
19165	"It sucks because this place does have good staff, but there                           s also staff that just doesn                           t care. I ordered an iced caramel frapuccino in the drive thru, they asked me to park and had someone bring a hot frappe. I told the woman it should                           v"	1
19166	They had no remorse for people person like me and decentcy come with more smell with people like homelessness in mcds these days we needed help. Tamn I hated with all passion . I better off save my cash.shes	1
19167	they stole my car I went in forgot my wallet went back to the car to get the had booted and towed it that wanting of burger and drink and mc chicken with cheese cost me 840 plus a damage tire and bumper not to mention my engine is now making a noise like the car was towing by the mount total cost of repair in the 1000's whatever you do dont go there there is white castle across from  them never had my car stolen by a mcdonalds before they ruin my birthday plans and damage m ride and cost me my paychecks and ruin mothers day I will be suing say you self go somewhere else	1
19168	"Avoid this place at all cost. I ordered a double hamburger (with onions, pickles, ketchup and mud), but received a single patty hamburger (with onions, pickles and ketchup). When I called the store to inquire about this issue, the person on the phone insist us to return to the store for a replacement. It                           s a 30 minutes trip for us. We obviously did not r"	1
19169	Ordered a 4pcs chicken nugget happy meal for my daughter. Drive thru worker never asked if I wanted chocolate milk or apple juice and never asked what kind of sauce I wanted for the nuggets. Smh! I'm sorry but a kids happy meal shouldn't cost no more than 5 dollars not no 7 dollars! Smh twice	1
19170	"i came here at 1:06am after i had gotten off work, google says they close at 2am so it was plenty of time before they                            closed                           . I went through the drive through and nobody responded so i pulled up to both windows and was ignored by three different people. Two women just sat there "	1
19171	"They did not give me my complete order, I made 3 order  of chicken deluxe and my order was missing fries whet back to made a complain and they were yelling at me and husband, this is not fear to the customer. People should be aware  of this  Mcdonald at Broadway and check their food properly before they leave drive thru. Those staff there are thief."	1
19172	"There was an excruciating 15 minute wait time for two simple breakfast sandwiches, and the place was empty. When checked, the sandwiches were actually missing the cheese.
While waiting, some filthy guy was exchanging $80 in singles for twenties. After he got done with his banking transaction, he actually spun around and walked right into me- talk about the bum rush!!
The true danger here, though, is when you try to enter. There is a welcome sign at the curb directing cars to enter into a single lane driveway where the drive-thru actually exits. A head-on collision waiting to happen.
Stay far away from this place."	1
19173	Good price clean and good services	5
19174	"Very bad service, I don't recommend to go there. 30 minutes waiting for a order and nobody say nothing."	1
19175	I ordered a Big Mac meal sized medium and a 10 pc; I got a double cheeseburger and actually 5 McNuggets. Got robbed for nearly 10 dollars. Never again.	1
19176	They are very rude and have no respect for people they yell at you like you did something wrong then the make you wait for your order then they get the order wrong and the best part nobody there speaks any English burger King for me	1
19177	"Terrible service through the drive by. They threw out food into the bag and it isn't the first time. I use to come here alot as a kid, but growing up it got worse. I hope their employees can have better customer service. And don't throw food everywhere."	1
19178	It's McDonald's! One of the most ratchetest places you can visit for fast food	5
19179	Customer service is the worst! So unprofessional every time. Lunch menu is up and when I asked for a kids meal they said they only had breakfast! And their excuse was that the menu change by itself! They don                           t give you your complete order all the time (always missing something)they rushed	1
19180	"Sun Dec 11, 2022 at 5: 30am, went to pick up a order lady was being very rude telling me to get out of her drive thru when all I said was I have a order to pick. Very unprofessional."	1
19181	"The worst. Attitudes. Cold fries..twice!!!! The clerk gave the cleaning guy my order in the middle of him sweeping the floor, to bring to my car. Unsanitary!!!
2nd time....the order was still wrong.
Food wasn't good at all. Won't be going back."	2
19182	Incorrect hours!!!  I arrived at 5:52 in the morning and was informed that they still closed	2
19183	Horrible service from the night shift manager .!! I would also love to speak to a distric manager.!	1
19184	As a frequent customer of this McDonald                           s I am furious that you have your workers working under a heat wave with no type of air conditioning. I walked in to order with my kids and had to take my order to the car and eat in car which was very uncomfortable with 4 kids bet way better than eating in a place where it was difficult to breath. If you treat your employees like this than this is the reason your customer service in this locate is poor. As a franchise you shouldn                           t be involved in this type of business never the less in any type of customer service business. I will not be returning to this location as my money is worth more to other busine	1
19185	"The time I was there very busy. I ordered the a new cheese cake, so I had to wait. I didn't  have  to wait to long. A associate brought it to the car."	4
19186	"Number of times we've ordered from this McDonalds: 3
Number of times they've gotten the order right: 0

It cannot be spelled out any clearer. ""Quarter pounder. Absolutely nothing on it. No cheese. Just the meat and the bun."" It is so simple. Under normal circumstances I would stick around for them to get it right. But they have a steady supply of drugged out homeless people begging for money right there in the drive through line, so running that gauntlet a second time is downright dangerous.

So I get home to see if i can salvage this order. Pull the bun all the way off to t scraping fake cheese off of it. The stale, burned bun breaks (picture). I successfully scrape the cheese product off the top only to find there's another slice of fake cheese underneath the patty as well.

I give up. #FightFor15, indeed"	1
19187	"One the worst service I ever had.by having so many stuff.. by18:25pm 6th Thursday waiting for ever food... unorganized stuff and manger.
I left with taking my food. Couldn                  "	1
19188	Mediocre service at this location. Huge language barrier as most staff are not fluent in English (nothing against them for this) but they do give very poor service	3
19189	"Extremely rude and attitude for absolutely no reason. My boyfriend and I mobile ordered and once we got home, realized they forgot to give us one of our sandwiches that we ordered. My boyfriend called and the lady who answered responded with                            y                           all didn                           t bother to check the b"	1
19190	Extremely frantic McDonald                           s for no reason. They make people park instead of waiting at the drive thru. The line is minimal and happens at every single fast food place you can th	3
19191	This place is terrible managers have the worst attitudes. I was there around 9 getting food w my mom when she asked the lady to give Us barbecue and ketchup and then she said oh no ketchup and buffalo and the lady aka the manager goes                             don                           t t with a attitude which one is it                            nobody was giving  attitude but her. Most deff should Quit  if she doesn  	1
19192	"Very tasty and very unhealthy. Perfect for weight gain and problems with digestion system. Still worth it. Try Double Quater Pounder Cheese, it was amazing."	5
19193	This location sucks! They do one thing right                           mess up your order! Get all the way home to find out there is food missing and the f	1
19194	"I went through one of the drive thru lanes last night, and waited for about 15 minutes as they only took orders from the other lane. I was not able to back up my car, so I went forward to ask what was up. When I got to the only window open, they said they were only taking orders from one side. I suggested they put up a sign, and asked if could take my order at the window, they said I would have to go through the drive thru again. I am not going here anymore for this, in addition to the times they got my order wrong."	2
19195	"Young man at the order pick up was so unproffesional, direspecfull, .  The  Manager a lady was just  laughing while the young employ                  e was direspecting me today.  racial motives.. Anyway!! I didnt  know what was funny to that manager!!  Security even came but wasn't able to do something.. The store employe (young man) was obviously trying to escalate the situation."	1
19196	This Mc Donald                           s is ran poorly. The management is nasty and they ignore paying customers. They leave the register to a guy that also has to take both in store and drive way orders. The fries sit out all day. I came home to cold frozen	1
19197	OMG!!!  Last time I order 3 double cheeseburger  they look like they were sitting there for hours. So this time I ask the girl that I want my burgers fresh so they come up with the brilliant idea of putting the burgers and the fries in the microwave so they would be nice hot and fresh	1
19198	This place is not good at all the manager Had an attitude when I went with my mom and a few friends we ordered our milkshakes and fries and when my mom                           s friend asked for barbecue sauce and ketchup she realized that she wanted ketchup and buffalo sauce so she asked the manager and the manager said and I quote                             Which one is it                           . Then my mom                           s friend looked up and said buffalo and ketchup I guess	1
19199	McDonald's is the worst food you can feed to your kids and for yourself the burger                                      bun so hard it Crack your teeth by the time you get to your car the food is cold                                      and McDonald's has the same menu from the 80s and 90s you better off cooking at home and with this inflation nobody has money       	1
19200	This McDonald's is just wow. Some days you get good food the majority of times is just bad food. I ordered a big mac meal from them. When i got it the bread was old hard like it's been sitting there forever. The nuggets were old. Awful customer service. The majority of staff are pretty much children. There's no type of discipline or order in this place. If you don't like your job just quit it's that simple. But we're paying alot of money for service like this that's just obserred. This place needs new staffing management everything.	1
19201	Newark  Penn station It's a rough atmosphere to work in at least is the not square it's not that bad not great it's not 5  restaurants but the people treated with	3
19202	This restaurant is terrible !!! They are always messing up my orders all the time. They always forget certain items and they also have sent me the wrong order plenty of times as well and as of matter of fact they just messed up my order again today ! this place is horrible do not go here I wouldn       	1
19203	"My children find a dead mouse. I requested to speak with the supervisor.....made her aware of the situation.....She HAD THE NERVE TO TELL ME THAT SOMEONE (IMPLYING MAYBE ONE OF MY KIDS) MUST HAVE JUST PUT IT THERE.
***YES, we had already eaten the food.....if not.....I would have requested a FULL REFUND***"	1
19204	school kids can                           t go in before 5:30 and they lock the doors on us. They act like we         	1
19205	Ordered through Grubhub and they didn                           t double check order and didn                           t add 3/4 chicken nuggets to our order! They       	1
19206	"The ""security guard "" is extremely rude and he's always threatening people. And harassing the costumers. Horrible costumer service. If you're not happy with your job just say that.There's not even one person with professionalism in this establishment! Avoid this McDonald's. It's the worst"	1
19207	I did not have a positive experience at  all its pretty sad i paid 10 bucks for food and got a back full of sauce and cookies and i keep calling them no answer i will complain to the head since manager doesnt know how to answer the phone sad.	1
19208	What can I say? Buy extra fries before bringing your kids their meals. By the time you get home..you have devoured all the fries!!             	5
19209	"If you're turning left into the parking lot, it's a pain due to traffic blocking entrance. Employee at drive thru asked us to pull over to the side to wait for our order but since there was already a car there, she said we need to go to the otherside.. that means we have to pull out and turn back in. It was already a pain to get in the first place and now we have to do it again? My husband refused and said we'll just wait right there at the window. Need to come up with a better system than that! Other than that ordeal, our food was hot, fries were fresh. They failed to put tartar sauce on my kids filet o fish sandwich though."	3
19210	"Worst McDonalds I                           ve ever had en experience with. I placed an uber eats order and i only had gotten my drinks. I did not get ANY of the food i ordered, not to mention i had a big order. I was missing 2 double cheeseburgers, 2 cheeseburgers, 2 fries and 13 tote cookies. I call the location to try to see what happened to my food and they kept putting me in hold, saying that they both checked my order and that everything was in the bag, did not try to help me at all and said and i quote                             my manager on the floor said they checked everything and that everything is in the bag                            I was in disbelief that they wouldn                           t even try to do anyt"	1
19211	This place is horrible! I walk in to get an order and they keep walking back and forth in front of me without asking me if I needed help. I ask someone if they could take my order and she ask the other cashier to take my order the other cashier totally ignored me. If they don                           t want to take care of walk in customer then they should close the lobby I had to walk aw	1
19212	One of the worst with service. I ordered a ice latte through the app for pickup. So I go inside I wait at pickup. Drink isnt ready and other people are waiting also. I mentioned to the solo employee I had a pickup order. She says ok then goes off to make other peoples meals. So I try to be patient stood there for like 20min and never received my drink. They never canceled my drink I left and was still charged for it. Also they never sent the 1 cashier who was struggling by herself no help.	2
19213	That's just the worst McDonald's I have been to They have a lady there working at the  Drive-through window who have a real bad attitude And she also speak with bad languages She curses to my wife and also curses to all the people who went through the drive-through I did not see her name what she's the one taking the orders late at night You must have been 11 o'clock PM When we went to McDonald's but I will never in my life go back to that place to spend my  My hard working money	1
19214	"They didn't take the order properly.  I ordered a cheeseburger meal with coffee. When I got to the pickup window they'd placed the order as coffee and cheeseburger only.  When I asked for the corrected order and was preparing to pay the difference they tried to charge me DOUBLE THE PRICE OF THE ORIGINAL MEAL.  AND ASKED ME TO PAY A TOTAL OF $8.00 and change.  I asked for the manager (Maria) who refused to give me her last name OR explain how adding fries fir a combo would cost me double the price of the entire order....

This store needs to be audited for poor customer service."	1
19215	Says it             	1
19216	"Fries- soggy most of the time
Soda- gets bad constantly (Gave me seltzer water instead of soda)
Sandwiches- not bad except that they                           re dry sometimes.
Customer service-                            anything else?                            After every single request instead of                            would you care to try our new ___?                  "	2
19217	"A few days ago my boyfriend went to this mcdonald's to get us something to eat. I was excited, had just came home from a long day at work and was VING!!! Ready to eat, I took a bite, thought nothing of it, I then took another bite and look to see that I bit into a VERY PINK QUARTER POUNDER!!!!! So I grab my food, go to this mcdonald's and show them my burger was pink. They proceed to apologise and gave me a new one, I ask for gloves so I may examine this one. I do and find that this burger is pink as well, so now this is 2 pink burgers in total given to me. I tell them, they go ahead and apologize and gives me another... And yes, you guessed it, a third pink burger!!!!!! So at this point of course I am very much disgusted and appalled by their lack attentiveness of the food they are distributing to the point I ask another customer next to me if he had seen what I did.... I didn't want to feel as if I was picking but he agreed, he saw pink, so I finally asked for a refund and fresh fries and left. I will not support this mcdonald's again! IDK how to post pics, I don't see where I may be able to attach."	1
19218	"Only giving the 4th  for a good attitude at the window. Its a McDs so you know the drill supposed fast service friendly smile and hood food. Doesn't happen theses days but I am yet to have a server here that is rude, unconcerned, or uninterested in their job. They get it done efficiently and respectfully."	4
19219	Always a bad experience here! The manager is so unprofessional and rude. I used to be a manager in McDonald                           s and clearly wouldn                           t argue with a customer about a free coffee because of a app problem. In	1
19220	Rude asl and I work at fast food too. I                           m only rude or give attitude when they give it to me first and that                          	1
19221	"This place makes it so you arent hungry by the time you get your food, then your mad because you wasted your money. If you get all your food at that. The food doesn't taste right either. The Frappe machine was out so they offered water smh."	1
19222	This place is absolutely delicious.The fries have a perfect amount of salt.The prices are very fair.Customers and employees very polite and sophisticated.This place should have the Kardashians swarming around.I mean it's boogie people good for cheap.	5
19223	Always forgetting something in your order make sure you check before you leave drive threw	1
19224	"Hey McDonalds, please go back having the 2/dollar Apple pies. I miss those apple pies that you can reheat in the microwave and eat with vanilla ice cream. Please consider!!. At this location the driveway was long but fast. It was just the drivers was taking their time moving up. My order  was right, the workers was respectful.  Yes I will go again. The food was hot  "	4
19225	My go to spot for my son and I to get our hash brown before he has class.	5
19226	"Terrible service, terrible food. I ordered from the drive thru and was given the complete wrong order. When I went inside to rectify the situation, people just stood around looking at me. They ted to talk in spanish, which i understood but they didn                           t think I did. So not only were they talking bad about me but they just decided that I wasn                           t important enough to even address. I had to point out the fact that I was waiting to be served. So then th"	1
19227	Possibly the worst McDonald's on the planet. Can never get anything right and staff act as if there's nothing wrong.	1
19228	I return my order to them because It was wrong order I see the cashier after she take the order from me she keep it to re-use it for another customer it was the big breakfast. She was supposed to throw it in the trash.	1
19229	"Service is abysmal, I'll rather get a root canal."	1
19230	"No to all of that.
Always a long line. The kids working the drive thru are always in a bad mood. Orders get mixed up and the fries toddle between not being fresh to being freshly made in old oil... I will stop there..."	2
19231	It's been a while that I haven't went to McDonald's and we had just came out from a bar and wanted to eat my sister wanted White Castle put in the order cuz we weren't sure McDonald's was open and she had a craving for a Big Mac so sorry White Castle but we left them went to McDonald's order and at 1:15 in the morning. One of the freshers big bags and Fries that I haven't had in a long time it hits the spot no regrets not going to White Castle and it was quick the order and to get the food it was worth the trip	5
19232	"If you                           re not white, don      "	1
19233	"worse service ever! They always get my order wrong or give you the incorrect item. One time I was at the 1st order Station for 15 minutes! The cars at the second order station was getting taken care of when I pulled up and asked for the manager she was very rude and said she wouldn't take my order because I wanted to know why cars that came after me was served first! That was not the first time... Please avoid this place and go to the one on heller parkway or Belleville , better service food is on time and correct and warm. Unlike this location that needs to hire more mature people and not you'd kids that are rude and always arguing ....."	1
19234	Couldn't get a simple order correct so had to wait.... Asked specifically for something still forgot it and had to go in and ask again.... And food was subpar McDonald's standards so that saying something it was at least cleaner than most also at this point saying something	2
19235	No napkins? Make you wait at the other side of restaurant  for 10 mins from drive thru? Then have to go inside and ask for condiments and a straw? Get it together management is not run right!	1
19236	The apple pies here were the worst. It was like biting into a regular apple. The only thing cooked was the outside. The inside was cold and the apples were hard. I went there 12/26/18 to get happy meals for my daughters and their fries were too hard to eat. I won't be going back there. I only went to reward the girls for cleaning their room and helping around the house for 2 weeks. (This was their choice of reward for good behavior)	2
19237	"Welcome to the worst McDonald in north Newark. I ordered a Big Mac meal and 10 PCs nuggets meal with both sprite; I received 10 PCs nuggets, 1 order of French fries, 4 triple cheeseburgers without (onions, pickles, mud) and unsweetened tea"	1
19238	"With as much staff as was on hand there is no reason I should have waited longer than 30 minutes, but I did.
I was not happy with my order when I got it.
Nor was my body satisfied when it went down.
If you want to try this place knock yourself out!!!"	2
19239	Literally the worst McDonalds ever . Food always cold.  Staff is all illegal and no help from them about asking about promotions always busy both inside and drive thru have plenty of workers but somehow always a long wait . Rude workers even if you call asking about promotions they always hang up . Even with all that said they still have the same stingy services with uber eats . Cold half cooked food go somewhere else save your money.	1
19240	"For the third day, I went to this McDonalds, which I frequently always come to this McDonalds, my daughter and my niece love McDonalds, so each time I place my order, I ask for a medium fries  with my additional order, and for the three days that I went, they were given me burnt fries.  I'm sorry but I paid a lot for my order to begin with, I'm not excepting burnt fries, especially three days in a row. Each time I asked for some new fries, and then they would give me good fries that were not burnt. Except for yesterday, I got my money back.  I ask the girl why was she giving me burnt fries, and her reply was that they didn't change the oil in which they cooked the fries in. The point is as a customer you don't have to keep excepting burnt fries, or anything that doesn't look right to you. You are already spending so much money to begin with ,to be getting burnt fries. Lately there's been lots of issues with this McDonalds, people have attitudes, don't have manners, they don't even say hi  or thank you for coming. I'll be taking my service elsewhere. No customer service."	1
19241	Arguably one of the most incompetent branches of McDonald's that I've ever had the displeasure of going to. I spent 20 minutes waiting on a mobile order when I could have easily gone through the drive-thru and gotten it in 5. Absolutely ridiculous.	1
19242	no experience I just couldn't wait to home I'm greedy	5
19243	Their food taste like plastic. Very unsatisfied with them. They used to be good. But now it's like they don't care if the food is fresh or not.	1
19244	Absolutely horrible! Not sure who the owner is but they should definitely get a new staff and get Mcdonald                           s corporate to come in for training. The service is bad and so is the food. They give you what they want not what you pay for especially as it gets closer to closing time. Food should be available and fresh no matter how close it is to closing. Workers should understand that if they dont wanna work let somebody who wants to do the job. Not suprised at the amount of negative reviews but I am suprised that ownership and management does not take these reviews into consideration. Complete disgrace! Go a little further in bellevi	1
19245	Fast. Convenient and friendly.. my orders are always correct and speedy drive thru service. Good friendly cashiers and managers. They even have an ordeing kiosk.	4
19246	"I                           m so wrong to give even one . But I have any option to give less . Today is 3/18/2019. At around 9 pm. I went to pick up the delivery from this place from drive thru,  Because it was close upon the governor order, and I was in urgent situation to use the bathroom but unfortunately no one of the people working there has any kind of human beings. They refused to allow to "	1
19247	"literally the WORST Mcdonald                           s I                           ve ever visited . they                           re so lucky you can                           t give zero s . i just came from the location and a guy in front of me waited for 15 mins for a small coffee . then it took them forever to take my order . once i received my food , i asked for a sauce and she told me no because i didn                 "	1
19248	"Sorry what i have to said,but this place always is a mess. Everytime you going to this restaurant have to wait a lot for your food,just because the employes always been around they place of work talk like they are on the street,in ocasion i hear said bad word when the costumer been inside the store,honestly they need better cordination at the time of work."	2
19249	My experience here at the McDonald                           s in Newark is ok the place is decent the restaurant is really clean and the vibe is new and updated I got the new shamrock shake McFlurry with Oreos it was very sweet but it was still very good the employees is ok but my on	4
19250	"Sat at the drive thru for 10 minutes. Called TWICE to ask if they are even open. Rudely told ""uhh yea?"" okay well HOW ABOUT YOU DO YOUR JOB? Pulled up to the window after 10 minute , THE LADY WON'T EVEN LOOK AT US, but ts helping drive thru customers. Hello??? Pulled off. Ghetto af."	1
19251	"Do not eat here! People handling food are not wearing their masks properly which are meant to cover their nose, mouth and or both. Went the other day and two people handling food just had their masks hanging under their chin not covering nose or mouth. Disgusting. Air particles going right onto food. What a shame! Made a complaint online with McDonalds and they sent me an automated response not even address my complaint properly. DO NOT EAT HERE for your own safety"	1
19252	Service at this McDonald                           s is horrible...Don                           t know how to greet customers nor answer with proper tones. I come here because close to home and no matter if i go inside or drive thru takes long to take order as well as prepare them. I asked are they not required to wear hairnets and was told NO. Being that I work in the food service industry I know it                           s required by state law...However 	1
19253	"Order was wrong. Paid for 2 double hamburgers, received 2ingle hamburgers. Drive-thru took forever despite being empty."	2
19254	"Gave one  cause i have to in order to post.  But this is by far the most ghetto'est McDonald's ever. I waited in drive thru for over 10mins while they kept taking the other driver thru since they're are 2 at this location... mind you they knew i was there cause they took my order then said to hide them a second and came back like 10mins later took my order again and said the same thing. Then in line forget it i waited another 15 plus minutes to pay and get my order. Im so disgusted, this store needs a whole overhaul."	1
19255	"Requested for caramel fappe, I waited for more than 20 mins still they couldn't make it. They are saying they dont have enough ice I should give them more minutes, but they are serving it to the drive thru customers. So I asked them to refund my money which they did. I will never patronize them again."	1
19256	They're good when they want to be. Surprisingly their ice cream machine always works. No lettuce on the McChicken is my favorite quote	3
19257	Worst location ever made me wait literally 20 mins for a small cappuccino	1
19258	"NO SAUCE GIVEN!!! I ordered two bts meals and other things and extra bbq sauce but NOT ONE sauce was given. No cajun, sweet chili, or bbq. Had to eat the meals plain. :("	1
19259	The service is slow. Order anything more complex than a cheeseburger and you are sent to the side to wait for your order. On top of that your order is often wrong so always check.	2
19260	I                           ve never had such a bad experience in any McDonald and this one because of the unprofessional employees I left without buying food.... just because I wanted to use the  restroom first. The lady that seem to be the manager was so rude to me and all the customers looked uncomfortable	1
19261	"Disgusting place, burgers always cold, they will literally give you only 1auce even if you paid for more, staff is LAZY always talking and joking constantly instead of taking orders or making orders they will leave you there waiting and having a full blown conversation instead of helping. Literally the worst and grossest McDonald's I have ever been to doesnt even deserve 1 ."	1
19262	"This place has rude service & managers that cannot handle situations. I ordered egg whites thru drive thru & they only gave me a piece bread with bacon, then i returned & on the same sandwich they placed runny egg whites. When i bit into it, the runny stuff went all over my dress and i became sick. Needless to say unsatisfied customer & i threw away my sandwich, my money and my appetite. Thanks.  "	1
19263	Hot ass mess                                                                                        	1
19264	"Never coming back here again! Associates not wearing mask handling food, only 5 people at a time. no sign that says only 5 people at a time inside.if I can give 0 s I would."	1
19265	Its alright but after buying several honey buns they didn't even hand us coupons for honey buns like other McDonald's do.. drive thru is usually long.	3
19266	They always for get to give you what you ordered at the drive through.  Not tell cashier but the attached two last window where they had you your order.  The staff often stands around joking or yelling at each other instead of servicing you.	1
19267	Y                           all are freaking slow I swear it                           s like y                           all heads are up your ass while at work if u don                           t like you job quit I just went they drive thru and the girl at window seemed to have a	1
19268	"Service and the food here REALLY suck... I've been there a few times after work which is after midnight; and always end up kicking myself in the ankle for doing so... my order is NEVER complete; NEVER... chicken nuggets/no sauce, salad/no dressing, I'll pay for some cookies or apple pies; and nothing, not in the bag... and to add insult to injury; the food that does make it into the bag, seems like its been sitting around for hours...way to save a buck mickey dee's... skip this place if you can, trust me."	2
19269	"The workers there are not professional,i went in there to get my morning coffee and heard one of the girls using profanity and customes can over hear them, then the cashier told me to give her a second and she went to the drive through window and t taking customers at the window while there was already someone there handling the drive through customers, i stood at the cash register close to 20mins to place my order, then on another occasion i placed my order on the mobile app the young lady made my ice coffee and left it by the machine , another team member asked what i was waiting for i then told her my ice coffee the girl that made it told her im waiting on my ice coffee too 30mins later im still standing there without my coffee then the girl turned around and saw me standing there still then saw the coffee sitting there and eventually handed it to me, and note i was the only customer left in the McDonalds, other customers came in placed their order got their stuff and left a long time ago, im suggesting more training for these individuals working at this location. I have observed this for a while now and said nothing. I turn my head everytime i pass there now, if you're running late for work i suggest walking through the drive through you'll get your order more faster than going in."	2
19270	Not good. Went thru drivethru and I order 4undaes and had to wait on the side when I saw my sundaes sitting on the counter. Those are the one they gave me half melted. I will never go there again. I threw them in the trash.	1
19271	"It's absurd how bad the service is here. I wouldn't recommend going through the drive through. They'll mess up your order and then make you wait a long time for it again. I'd say just ignore this McDonald's entirely but if you do come to this location, do yourself a favor. Park the car and order your meal inside the fast food restaurant. It'll be faster this way."	2
19272	Really bad service.... Food was cold... And large fries wasn't even full.... Probably size of a medium... Have to do better	2
19273	Every time i have gone there they have not listened and messed up my order. One of the worst mcdonald                           s to go to here in newark other than the one in downtown (w	1
19274	"Their iced tea tasted like water with a splash of tea so it tasted disgusting. I ordered a meal and they forgot the fries. And lastly, the girl at the counter had the worst attitude problem like it was killing her to God forbid do her job. If you come here, make sure all of your stuff is in the bag because they just hate their jobs there obviously."	1
19275	"**CHECK BEFORE LEAVING DRIVE THRU**
This place sucks always. The people on the intercom are arrogant and impolite. They always forget an item at the drive thru. Hate them but its the only place that is closest to me. The only reason i go there bcs my son just wants the happy meal so i have no choice."	1
19276	The young lady working the driv thru this morning is sooo lucky im not the person i used to be just 7 years ago...besides the nasty attitude after her mistake the cashier proceeded to lie to the the useless manager Carla that looked almost terrified to address the situation ..karma young lady ...ill see you again	1
19277	worst location ever! EVERY SINGLE TIME they screw up my order - and the customer service sucks! They                           r	1
19278	Too much waiting seems like the staffs don't know how a fast food restaurant suppose to be run. On top of the wait they forget items that you pay for so make sure to ask for a receipt if something not right with this McDonalds please report it call and complain.	2
19279	This place is very slow and always gets your order wrong! The food is fresh i must admit.	3
19280	"Extremly slow. They need to have a better service this is ""fast food"". Have been waiting too long to order. They are not bad but they need to move faster. Not the firts time i come here always lije that even when they dont have nobody inside."	1
19281	Busy location but great customer service despite rude customers.	5
19282	I go to mc Donald only drive through and my friend took me to Burger King and trust me they sell almost the same items but different  tastes...but really they both tastvgood.....	3
19283	"I've been here many times and they've never messed up my order, which is a better track record than most McDs I've frequented. Above average for a McDs, but they should work on keeping the fries fresher... often old, stale, and gross. Few things better than fresh McD fries, and few things worse than old ones."	4
19284	"Not Satisfied, after buying 3 Large orders of fries for $11.97 and was given large containers SERIOUSLY HALF FULL looking like Small or Medium sized fries. Very disappointed..."	2
19285	"This place I really dont recomend it if you are looking a fast service, deliciuse Chickennuger, and Fries. I dont see Macdonal is do en the fries as before, soft, salty, and hot. Everytime we whent there to give more chances to the place my fiance always end with his stomach sick. When that happened for the third time I said, "" Nop, we are not buy anymore in the Mcdonals, no icecream, chickennuger, or fries. Thank you for reading, this is Doll in a Restaurant. Shalom   "	1
19286	"This place is nice, even though all of them (the McDonald                           s chain) serve the same menu the service here is ki"	5
19287	Can not even 1  it was a horrible experience do two employees service took me a half hour just in line waiting through the drive thru then I heard a voice come over the loudspeaker and says drive to the window when I go to drive through the window that was for cars in front of me and the line did not move the worst visit I had to McDonalds drive throw	1
19288	"i asked a lady to open the bathroom, and with a really bad attitude she said that it was only for customers, when I told her I WAS in fact a costumer, she replied with a                            only for buying costumers                            I responded "	1
19289	It's my local McDonald's so I wish I could rate it higher especially considering they added modern stuff like the DIY menu boards and the 2nd drive thru lane. But what's the point of a second drive thru lane if your employees just ignore it like what happened tonight. Also while they have security inside the pan handlers in the drive thru lanes at night are out of control. Food wise things take a long time usually but it's your normal McDonald's type food except they don't salt their fries well.	2
19290	Bad service long wait  employees are the worst	1
19291	You can't  add tomatoes to your burger                                                      	1
19292	They never have what they supposed to their they always mess up never get nothing right I go there for Happy Meals they never have the toys that my kids want they always told me come back next week when the truck comes in the police I can read it below zero I would	1
19293	"This McDonald's has always been bottom-of-the-barrel as far back as I can remember, and a sleek face-lift doesn't change the fact that a visit to this McDonald's will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth. The list of their offenses is too long to detail every one, so I'll compile a list:
1. Incorrect orders 50% of the time
2. Rude employees and managers
3. Customers who are loud, offensive, and downright violent
4. Poorly made, slapped-together food

And perhaps the most disgusting new violation is that recently they claim to have leased their parking lot to a private booting company, P.B.S. Parking Boot Service, and troll the parking lot for people who step off the property to boot them and demand $200 cash in exchange for the boot removal. It seems this McDonald's is doing everything to lose business. They thrive off of convenient location alone. Absolutely terrible experience."	2
19294	Every time I go I don't get what I ask  and the some employee are mean	2
19295	"Always rude people in the afternoons or evenings, no sense of respect for others. Overcooked old food is served late afternoons to early in the evening. Completly discusting. Overall not a good place. Needs myor improvement on employees."	1
19296	They can't get Uber eats orders right this is the third and last time it will happen again. They completely forgot 4 medium fries .	1
19297	"All those renovations in appearance makes no difference if the staff is unprofessional and simply ghetto. Then again it is in Newark smh. I was not aware that this particular Mc Donald's was not a corporate store, honestly I wouldn't know how to differentiate one from the other. In any case to my understanding every Mc Donald's ran the same policy in regards to the food they sell, obviously. So when I go to get my coffee, everyone knows you are entitled for one free refill but to my surprise this Mc Donald's does not honor that. The person at the register who's name is Estella (mexican woman) was the one who took my order and made me feel real uncomfortable and awkward when I asked politely for my refill. There were others on line waiting to take their order and I feel like she deliberately embarrassed me. There was no need to make me feel degraded, at the end of the day I am a customer and I have no need to bring my business here. I should of took my business where I noramlly go which is the one located on Washington Ave, in Belleville. That just goes to show you how true the phrase is, ""Never judge a book by it's cover""!"	1
19298	this place is suck!!!!!!!! i had a delivery of doordash which i had to place but they didnt accomodate with me!! they were like thats for belville nj store!!!!!!! it was very frustrating at 10pm. then i had to go for belville store then couldnt find out. then i went back to the same one and got the order.	1
19299	Very rude staff nasty attitude  I understand  people not happy with their job  but that dobt give them the right to be nasty..	1
19300	If only I could give less than 1 !!! I swore off McDonalds long ago however I happened to be with someone who stopped in so I decided to get a breakfast sandwich thinking it would be hard to go wrong with breakfast... I got food poisoning for the first time in my 29 years of LIFE. A quite unwelcome reminder to stay far away..	1
19301	The worst McDonald                           s I have been to. Waited at the pick up window for awhile to be served 	1
19302	"The day workers are very rude and disrespectful especially the girl who takes the order , I had the worst experience ever ."	1
19303	"Prices are high, Apple pies were old and stale. They exchanged them but they were all so bad. So they baked new ones for me"	3
19304	"This McDonald's is HORRIBLE. PERIOD. The food is always cold,fries soggy , nuggets soggy... And if you ask for sauce make sure you got it cause even if you paid the 50cent FEE you still might not have gotten it...."	1
19305	"They are advertising the new crispy chicken sandwich meal for $6, yet lied twice, once saying it was a mobile order, which is a lie, I took a pic, second that it didn't t, so why advertise, so sad, worse customer service in Mcdonald's"	1
19306	The employees at this location are ridiculously lazy. It's 6pm and the drive-thru menu is still on the breakfast side. It shouldn't take more than 2 minutes to flip the menu over to the lunch side.	1
19307	"THIS PLACE IS A DISGRACE. THE WOMEN THAT WORK IN THIS PLACE ARE THE VERY LOW OF THE LOW. SERVICE IS SUPER SLOW, THE RESTAURANT IS SUPER DIRTY. AHH AND IF YOU GO IN THERE WITH YOU MAN KEEP HIM VERY CLOSE TO YOU, THIS WOMEN SPECIALLY THE MANAGER HER NAME IS GABRIELA WILL FLIRT WITH YOUR MAN GET HIS NUMBER AND YOU KNOW THE REST. THE WORST OF THE WORST. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST THE WORSE MCDONALD'S IN JERSEY. WHAT MAKES THIS MCDONALD'S BAD IS THE EMPLOYEES AND THE WAY THE HAVE NO RESPECT FOR THE COSTUMER. AVOID AVOID AVOID..."	1
19308	"Rude!! They close early without saying anything. They don't close 4 am they close 9. I waited at the drive thru for 15 min no answer , someone was back there just ignore the drive thru."	1
19309	Very slow  they do mobile orders last even when you pay in app. They make you wait if go inside .	1
19310	Always a bad experience at this McDonalds check your Oder before leaving guaranteed it        	1
19311	"Mobile order 30 mins ago. Came in once the app said pick up.

Counter: oh we just got your order. Wait longer.

2020 Logic"	1
19312	One of the worst McDonald's franchies around. Orders are often messed up even when given face to face. This branch is one of the few I go out of my way to avoid now.	1
19313	Service is inaccurate. Check your order before leaving. Can take a bit to get the order because most is made at the time of order so it's fresh.	3
19314	I wish i can put 0 s. The service here was so so horrible! SMH I don                      	1
19315	"More expensive, long and I mean longgggggggghg wait times inside or out. Oh and you                       "	2
19316	App orders are horrendously slow. Expect to walk in and inquire about it.	1
19317	Its incredible that a business like McDonalds can't fix things so simple like this drop ceiling....water damage with a lil bit of humidity could potentially become mold...something that could be harmful to anyone walking in here...	1
19318	This is the worst ever too slow they are always on their cell phones instead of helping the customers. They almost always get my order wrong. When i went there bathroom was flithy .	1
19319	Worst employees I guess it was manager at night shift very rude not surprised why people are giving negative reviews	1
19320	This McDonald                           s is bad. They 	1
19321	Nice clean loved it service was fast and it's quit  you can relax and enjoy your meal  the bathroom was clean I would go anytime if anything!	5
19322	Their quarter pounders and big mac's are great. But they have to cook fresh fren fries twice I went and their fries were cold.	3
19323	I went in to use the bathroon before i go buy some thing and i saw i had to be  Buzz Inn so I went to the front to have me  to be buzzed in and I was told no I had to buy something first and the funny thing is I'm a diabetic and my sugar was high and I was in pain but I had to buy something first just to be let into the bathroom then when I was let into the bathroom it was so disgusting Know one clean the bathroom the toilet was filled with toilet paper and piss all over the rim of the toilet dry on u can see it and the manager that I'm assuming she had like a Jamaican accent and gave me kind of a nasty attitude also i wouldnt  recommend it  to come here and i was  visiting from upstate New York it was a long drive	2
19324	I went to a different McDonald's the one in New Jersey where my boyfriend lives it's good I would go all the way back over there for that juicy burger I had so mouth watery.	4
19325	This place is ok....	4
19326	"I travel a lot and MacDonald is my regular restaurant, and this is th worst ever place in customer service and food handlers."	1
19327	"They are the worst.  Poor customer service, food taste horrible"	1
19328	Food has always been hot and fresh whenever I have visited	5
19329	"""Its McDonald's,,, You already know what you want if you're going there"" ..."	3
19330	"Great service , and great crew"	5
19331	Couldn't get a simple order correct so had to wait.	1
19332	"Not bad, but they don't let people use the bathroom even if buying"	4
19333	If I could give negative s I would. I orders a number 3 large with no pickles and a coke no ice. Apparently that was like rocket science for these morons.	1
19334	Very slow	1
19335	"Terrible, I'm sitting in the 2 lane drive thru for 3 to 5 minutes & another car pulls in the other lane & they take his/her order 1st then have the nerve to tell me to hold on a minute. Broadway McDonald's North Newark."	1
19336	They  hardly speak English they serve you Whit and attitude and they are always more concentrated in talkin about fellow workers that they are to take your order and that's why they always give you the wrong stuff.	1
19337	The worstest McDonald's in all of America and they have a armed guard always nonsense there  cold food stale and hard nerve no sauces always mistake orders too many foreign immigrants work there drive thru  Is an half an hour late junkies asking you for money and Brittany is a chickenhead.	1
19338	Fast and friendly service.... Enjoyed the food.. Restroom was well kept	5
19339	Smh ... THIS HAS TO BE THE WORSE MC DONALDS IN                            ESSEX COUNTY                            Hands Down !!! I GIVE THIS PLACE A 1  .... EMPLOYEES ARE ALWAYS PLAYING OR FIGHTING           	1
19340	"The staff is rude and there                           s no diversity in the staff.
I live in the n"	1
19341	They hire unprofessional people who can't even speak proper English. The workers are always forgetting something in your order. Ohh and the ice cream never works!	1
19342	the workers close the drive through around 3-4o don                  	1
19343	Just for a coffe have to wait longer than usually but I love the coffe.	4
19344	Service was nice would feel more comfortable if people were sitting at the table eating. Like family.	3
19345	Take to l text too long to the drive thru when certain people are there who speaks English you get the order much faster I probably they have an understanding problem	3
19346	This store always gice me a hard time I don't like the staff at all	1
19347	Food sucks never right always I mess up and cold and old French fr      	1
19348	"Workers are friendly,  respectful and always have the right order."	5
19349	"The absolute worst McDonald                           s in New Jersey , r"	1
19350	The food is awesome and i love the soda and everything well more the frys i will like them to add basken roben ice cream because why not ?	5
19351	There are better McDonald locations then here. Usually 9 out of 10 times they forget something you ordered.	2
19352	I honestly can't believe they gave me a cinnamon bun this stale :/	3
19353	"They never give you what you order, and the food seems to be old and bad tasting."	2
19354	Today was given double quarter cheese burger and it was not fully cooked.i dont like to complain but this was not good at all especially my fruit punch was watery .wouldnt go back here again.i prefer belleville	1
19355	Person taking orders through the drive thru has the worst attitude ever .	1
19356	"Wait time was horrible, food was cold as usual and the drive thru a always feels like a death trap."	1
19357	"Nice and modern facilities. Looks clean, except bathrooms, which were not so clean, but still good. Service was slow though."	4
19358	I was served raw food. I rarely ever go to McDonald's but when I do it is full of regrets.	1
19359	The food and workers are great. It's the people outside begging that really... You know.....    	2
19360	Not a good place to go and spend your money very bad place they over charge customers and have no professional people working there very rude and think they are doing you a favor will never go there again	1
19361	"Worst place.. drive thru is even worst. Their machines are never working. They take your order, make you wait in line, just to tell you at the pay window that sorry their machine is not working."	1
19362	If I could I would rate this negative 1000 they had such bad service food is cold and when you come back because they forgot something they argue with you.	1
19363	"I just came and half of the
Crew was hanging out side the counter, they talk too loud and speak in a very bad way ( n words and Bi.!.!:!)  words is a shame the place is pretty but a has a poor crew."	2
19364	Clean fresh food but check order before leaving	5
19365	Service is very decent not too fat but not too slow.	3
19366	"Very slow service, and people were coming back in complaining their orders were wrong."	1
19367	"Double drive through, quick service, friendly associates, good food and drinks."	5
19368	McDonald's. Ordered twice and twice my order was canceled Noone bothered to let me know just wasted time waiting for nothing.	1
19369	Check your order they forget things its busy	4
19370	Just watched one of the workers eat some of my french fries before he put it on my tray can                        	1
19371	Lived here for 2 decades this is the cleanest this McDonald's has ever BEEN.. A major plus NO MORE FIENDS ASKING FOR $$    	5
19372	"Rude people as cashiers, slow service, annoying employees. I reccomend you go to Burger King, the employees are much nicer, and the food is overall better."	2
19373	worst service ever . food cold employees rude . always forgetting something in bag . if u go here make sure u don't leave before checking your bag . every time I go here which is rarely I have to talk to the manager  . DONT GO TO BROADWAY MCDONALD'S!!!	1
19374	I always come to here and the customer service are good and faster wit the food good job McDonalds	5
19375	Good service!  just its always busy since it's in front of the zoo and skate rink	4
19376	Lord for the life of me why can                          	1
19377	Terrible Service!	1
19378	They never have anything on the menu they're rude and really slow	1
19379	Restaurant was clean. Staff was fine. Not a bad area. Food is typical McDonald's.	3
19380	Waited very long to place an 3 mins ordered. Terrible	2
19381	This place has the worst service and the food is just horrible	1
19382	Bad service so disappointed how MacDonald let this place in business	1
19383	the service is always the workers always fighting and delivering the orders too late	1
19384	"They are too slow, even slower this time around
Horrible service"	2
19385	"Fast service, got the order right(which unfortunately is a hot or miss these days)"	5
19386	I'd give negative s if I could. Worst mcdonalds service ever. The attitude was unbelievable!	1
19387	I Love McDonald's I Love There  French Fries And There Chicken Nuggets And The Quater Pounder Deluxe	5
19388	Not a great experience they serve you cold burgers don't melt the cheese and they think it's ok   	1
19389	Terrible service	1
19390	Go there on the weekend with your grandkids. They really enjoys the food and toys there. I love going there to tired them out.	4
19391	Dairy clean very beautiful and people were nice	5
19392	Such a clean and the worker's very polite and the food nice and Hot	5
19393	DoorDash driver's will love the quick service	5
19394	"Every time coming here is like 20 minute wait for food, service is horrendous, I'm considering never ever coming here again..."	1
19395	Must be patient with the long lines!! They are doing thier Best to serve us all    	5
19396	I would not recommend this McDonald to no one. Bad staff bad food and bad service....food was cold and tasted old	1
19397	McDs is actually ting to improve on quality. Whoever is steering the ship is going in a good direction.	4
19398	They always mess up our order. You must check your bags before leaving.	1
19399	Good food fast food quick service...even have healthy options	5
19400	"Service is slow, waited almost 30 minutes and they hadn't even ted preparing our order."	2
19401	"This Fast Food is the best my kid always want A Happy Meal But
He don't want the toy he just want to eat"	5
19402	The worst McDonald's restaurant service ever! The food was disgusting. Will never visit this location again.	1
19403	Good service clean environment. Bathroom stall has no luck which is kind if intrusive	3
19404	Decent McDonald's only problem is late at night they run out of food.	3
19405	Good service employees verry kind the place is verry clean	5
19406	"nice food, good service, should go again."	5
19407	Please bring back the McDonalds practices and policies from the 70s and 80s when food was handled and prepared with care.	3
19408	You have to order something first in order to used the bathroom and they take a long time to make a PRE-MADE  sandwich.	1
19409	Worst service ever. Too bad they just remodeled this place last year	1
19410	The person that work in this restaurant are very nice and the restroom are clean	5
19411	The worse food i ever ate. So bad when you're hungry and this happen. And they said it's the classic chicken sandwich. So disappointed	1
19412	I've visited this establishment on three differences occasions and they've all been the same experience.... RUDE and A TAD BIT RACIST. No More Business from me personally.	1
19413	I bought two hamburgers it cost me $6	2
19414	Great and delicious tasty food but very unhealthy	5
19415	Sucks. They NEVER GET THE ORDERS CORRECT! Fries and hard and cold. Never again!	1
19416	Food took forever to be prepared and they got the order wrong.	2
19417	Worst they messed up ny whole order an are slow bunch of kids	1
19418	They are very rude. I bought a hamburger with hair on it. A lot of teenagers with no educations. DRIVE THRU VERY VERY SLOW.  .	1
19419	Did not get what i ordered and the orange juice was hot no ice	3
19420	Meat in burgerwas completely raw.	1
19421	Food precooked and dried out like always. Commercial lies. Nothingcooked when u order.	2
19422	Women dare don't care about service sitting here for 20 minutes to get the food in the food was still under cooked	1
19423	McDonald's is the best fastfood for my kids the love the fries and speedy service	5
19424	"People have attitude issues  there, not a good experience  today"	2
19425	Small portions of food at increased prices.	3
19426	Safe place	4
19427	I don't remember if I was here since all McDonald's are pretty much the same	3
19428	people lost inside counter and desrespect for others... try never go back	1
19429	The evening shift is the worst bad attitude and service it was not within McDonald's have it your way policy need new crew member morning shift is excellent	1
19430	Terrible..  Is always something.. Never got my order the way I want it..	1
19431	"I went and saw a security guard from the establishment of McDonald yelling profanities to a homeless woman in the parking lot with no regard to the woman or the children,disgusting needs to be retrained or terminated."	1
19432	My car was booted and i was forced to pay 200.00 to have the boot removed even though i had 2 receipts grom McDonald's	1
19433	"Staff is very unprofessional and really don't pay attention to customers
orders."	1
19434	Never get your order right and there slow	3
19435	I buy the salad there and put in the garbage... very old salad and disgusting tasty	2
19436	Please check any beef you get. I gotten a raw burger twice in a row	1
19437	"The soda is always flat!!!
Every time I go there. I think they just use water and the syrup."	1
19438	Prompt service. Order was ready on arrival	5
19439	Great!!	5
19440	McDonald's on Broadway clean decent and go servers A place you'd like to take your family too	5
19441	Always a place to take the kids. My kids loves going there..	5
19442	Their drivethru is tight makes customers hit curb before u reach the first window	4
19443	It's a McDonald's. It is fine.	3
19444	"Horrible Horrible service, especially at night"	1
19445	I asked for sweet and sour sauce and gave me bbq	4
19446	Terrible customer service and their drive thru is terrible.	1
19447	I did take out. Service was prompt.	3
19448	Quick and easy drive thru service	5
19449	Rude staff everyone is Latino and not that it makes a difference but they speak in there language to everyone except americans	1
19450	No team effort in this place. Worst customer service ever.	1
19451	It's all good to get a quick bite to eat	5
19452	It was really dirty when I went	3
19453	Terribly slow service the drive through experience was AWFUL!	1
19454	I liked that the foos was fresh and the staff was nice.	4
19455	Order a chocolate chip frape and after a15 minute wait they told me they didn't have any	2
19456	Very modern McDonald's. To go order pickup still confused me.	4
19457	They are slow but I love McDonald's....	3
19458	My sons spot on cheat day Chicken sandwiches & caramel frappe. Hit the spot.	5
19459	Good workers just in a bad area customers are rude	3
19460	The worse attention than I never seen	1
19461	One of the best McDonald's in the area	4
19462	"Good customer service, good atmosphere, good discounts, and well kept."	4
19463	They were terrible open fries an customers did not have on mask	1
19464	Employees are rude service is bad the machines don't work and tell me what I did and did not do	1
19465	"They don't have restroom for customer!!!!
You can order but you cant use restroom.
???????????????????"	1
19466	Nice and clean and the employees are very responsive	5
19467	Place is nice and clean open 24 hours.	5
19468	The best pizza spot in the NYC	5
19469	Always check your food when I get home is always some. Missing	1
19470	Very  bad bad bad bad  I mean very bad service	1
19471	Like the big mac with extra sauce	5
19472	Always a quick good meal.	5
19473	It's McDonald's their food is always good	4
19474	Nasty customer service drive thru window	1
19475	They suck really bad with all of the orders.	1
19476	Service is friendly but slow.	4
19477	Staff unprofessional. No customer service skills whatsoever	1
19478	Bathrooms always dirty and my order ALWAYS wrong no matter what time of day.	2
19479	I like to visit McDonalds for a quick cup of coffee and a breskfast sandwich.	5
19480	I come here every morning for breakfast. Great service	5
19481	"They won't let you used the bathroom if you don't buy anything,seriously!"	1
19482	45 min waiting .. restroom close . Bad	1
19483	Better than the ones I went to in Newark.	4
19484	The Big Mac is still the best burger      	5
19485	Love the combo meals..  Professional staff	4
19486	Fast. Clean. Courteous. Just watch your surroundings.	5
19487	"Drive-thru, clean restrooms. Usually quick service."	3
19488	Regular mcdonalds experience. They never have what you want :(	4
19489	Love the people here they are so NICE to me	5
19490	No one knows English make u wonder how they apply	1
19491	Service is too slow they short handed employees	3
19492	Very nice place to share with family	5
19493	No ice in the soda machine. One person filling orders.	1
19494	Not very pleasant	2
19495	My order was in correct and cold.	1
19496	used to be my favorite mc.d but it got to gheto now	1
19497	Clean and a lot of parking... Nice staff	5
19498	Place says it's open till 4am but it not	1
19499	Excessive waitung time..manager nasty	1
19500	They always.. always.. mess up my order	2
19501	Trash food. That's exactly why I don't eat fast food.	1
19502	The place is clean but the food is old	2
19503	Why did I love it??  It's McDonald's	5
19504	Horrible customer service	1
19505	"Good food, and a little pricier"	4
19506	The place is clean an safe place to go.	4
19507	I love there food	5
19508	Very slow and unprofessional people.	1
19509	Just like any fast food place	3
19510	I'm from the area so I have been going here for years. It's so so.	2
19511	The area inside is relaxing and the seats are amazing	5
19512	It good but too salty for me.	4
19513	The best and fast when time to pick up	5
19514	Very bad service .. long waiting time	1
19515	Very good service very clean	5
19516	It's fast food. Not much to say.	4
19517	Major attitudes at the pick up not even hello	3
19518	Warm drink cold food	2
19519	They can't get the right order most of the time	2
19520	"Great Service, positive attitude."	5
19521	Thank you very much for the quick service	5
19522	Everything is allways cold and orders wrong	1
19523	For a busy Saturday the place was clean as heck..	4
19524	"Safe to eat,Security officer Roman"	5
19525	People are great and the service is good.	4
19526	It is clean and have an acceptable service	4
19527	Its delightful and good service.	5
19528	Nice I ate in my car lol	5
19529	Service here is horrible every time	1
19530	Crowded around 3-4when the middle school children get out of school	3
19531	There tea was nasty and there meal where cold	2
19532	Good food slow service	3
19533	This has to be the worst McDonald's ever where's the manager	1
19534	The food was not great this time	3
19535	Its alright inside just so Congested in Drive - Thru	4
19536	Great customer service     	5
19537	I like to eat in this place because is clean.	4
19538	Fast n excellent service	5
19539	Very clean very good sandwich	4
19540	Very clean friendly service	5
19541	This place is a pai  in the ### they employee are awful !!!	2
19542	Clean and not so busy at night.	3
19543	The meal was wholesome and fresh.	5
19544	Slowest McDonald's I've been to ever.   	2
19545	Awesome. Love the fresh burger	2
19546	Food prep on a timely manner...	4
19547	The place is alright. Nothing special.	4
19548	My hunger leads me to a place of appreciation!!!	5
19549	Pleasant service and a clean restaurant	4
19550	Bad service	1
19551	Fast food excellence	5
19552	Love there chicken salad	5
19553	Always messing up orders.	1
19554	Not bad for a quick snack	3
19555	"Stop in for coffee from time to time , good coffee"	4
19556	Great place with lovely staff	5
19557	Don't waste the calories..	2
19558	Food always hot   	5
19559	HORRIBLE.   DUMB ASS PEOPLE WITH NASTY ATTITUDES WORK THERE.	1
19560	Slow cashiers make the place crowded.	3
19561	My grandson love it and it is clean	4
19562	Do the mc Donald app for free food	4
19563	One Of The Best Fast Food Eateries	5
19564	Excellent family atmosphere	5
19565	Beautiful place inside and outside.	5
19566	They can be a little faster	4
19567	"Like the others , is ok"	4
19568	Terrible the bathroom was dirty and smelled terrible	1
19569	Sometimes the cashiers attitudes are horrible	3
19570	They are really fast	5
19571	Great pl prompt service	5
19572	I think the management is so bad	1
19573	"Good food, clean restaurant"	4
19574	Worst services ever	1
19575	The employee was rude   	1
19576	"Great service, enjoy this place"	5
19577	Great customer service	5
19578	Just what I expected. I was impressed	5
19579	A night to purchase your food	2
19580	It's ok	3
19581	Always with an attitude and take forever	1
19582	Great food & atmosphere	5
19583	Not sure which location so cannot rate	1
19584	Had a great time	5
19585	Need more respectable Associates	1
19586	Rude & stupid manager and employee	1
19587	Good vive from their crews	5
19588	MacDonalds is ting to be a hang out for the homeless	3
19589	Never have ice-cream	5
19590	VERY GOOD SERVICE	5
19591	Looks clean inside and friendly	4
19592	NOT 24 HOURS	1
19593	Rude Manager	1
19594	The best	4
19595	Order was acurate and fast	5
19596	Who doesn't love McDonald's	4
19597	Hardiest bissuit ever at 4am	1
19598	Good customer service	4
19599	Horrible!!!!!  Food always cold fries cold JUST HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!	1
19600	I love chiken Nugent	5
19601	Good ppl and food	3
19602	Good fast food	4
19603	The worst McDonald's ever.	1
19604	GREAT food boo dout!!	5
19605	Great service	4
19606	Good food	3
19607	Good fast food.	4
19608	Love they food	5
19609	There was people who worked there fighting	3
19610	Nice and clean place	5
19611	Delicious	5
19612	Good deals	4
19613	Fast great service	4
19614	Slow but good	2
19615	Clean and Quick	5
19616	Good for fast foods	3
19617	Good food	4
19618	The place is good.	5
19619	Super slow.	1
19620	Not good food	1
19621	Black Tea is awesome	4
19622	Always closing early	2
19623	Fix soda	5
19624	Good food	5
19625	Very fast        	5
19626	Awsome   	5
19627	Poor quality service	1
19628	Junk food	3
19629	I like unicorns and MD'chickens	4
19630	Nice place	5
19631	Improving every day!	4
19632	My kids love it	5
19633	Is all cool now	5
19634	Love this location!	5
19635	Very bad service	1
19636	Update the hours	1
19637	Food cold	3
19638	Its ok .	3
19639	The food is horrible.	1
19640	It's igh	3
19641	it's ok   	4
19642	The best fries	5
19643	It's ok	3
19644	Milkshakes be off the hook	5
19645	It's okay	4
19646	Yuck.	1
19647	Food too cold	3
19648	my spot on the go	5
19649	The food was cold	1
19650	Long wait	1
19651	Just like the others	3
19652	The best at these spot	5
19653	Good service	5
19654	Food was cold	3
19655	Horrible Service	1
19656	Good	5
19657	Messed up order	2
19658	Good	3
19659	It is so good	5
19660	All new inside	5
19661	Clean and friendly	4
19662	it's ok	4
19663	Bad service...	1
19664	Love it	5
19665	Fast and excellent	5
19666	Soooo good	5
19667	Nice place	5
19668	Great food	5
19669	"Great service,"	5
19670	?	2
19671	Service is terrible	1
19672	"The service is awful,"	1
19673	Its to expensive	1
19674	Nice!	5
19675	I love it    	5
19676	Slow service!!!	2
19677	Nice and clean	5
19678	Loving it	5
19679	Bad service	1
19680	Love the coffee	3
19681	FOOD ALWAYS COLD     	2
19682	Hit or Miss	3
19683	Kids love it.	4
19684	Best fries	5
19685	Order was wrong	3
19686	They aiight	4
19687	Rude employees	1
19688	Gotta love it	4
19689	Check your bag	3
19690	Slow service	3
19691	Hit or miss.	3
19692	Kool	5
19693	Slow service	2
19694	One of the nicer ones...	5
19695	Poor services!!	2
19696	Service terrible	1
19697	Fast service	5
19698	Friendly staff.	5
19699	Works as expected	4
19700	Baaaad service!!!	1
19701	I love this place	5
19702	Fast service	3
19703	Good	5
19704	Good	4
19705	Mediocre service.	3
19706	Ight	1
19707	Fast service	4
19708	Good	2
19709	Poor service	2
19710	Service suck	2
19711	Good	5
19712	Excellent	5
19713	Good	5
19714	Crowded and slow.	3
19715	Good	3
19716	Fast service	4
19717	Ok	5
19718	Good	5
19719	The best place	5
19720	Mikky D'sss	5
19721	It was terrable	1
19722	Great	5
19723	Good	3
19724	Good	5
19725	Great	4
19726	Good	5
19727	Good	3
19728	Good	5
19729	Fast	5
19730	Awesome	3
19731	Always on point	5
19732	Good	5
19733	Love	5
19734	Nice	5
19735	Like it	5
19736	Good	5
19737	Good	3
19738	Great place	5
19739	Good	3
19740	Good poisoning	1
19741	great	4
19742	Horrible	1
19743	Slow	2
19744	Good coffee	4
19745	Fast service	5
19746	Quick Service	4
19747	Bad!!!!!	1
19748	Pancakes delicious	2
19749	Horrible!!	1
19750	Horrible	1
19751	Same old same	5
19752	McDonalds is good.	3
19753	Busy	5
19754	Rude women that work there	1
19755	Sucks	1
19756	Great spot	5
19757	People are nice	5
19758	slow	1
19759	                	5
19760	this McDonald's is good	5
19761	Fries!!!!	4
19762	Fresh food	5
19763	Nope	1
19764	Supremely supreme	5
19765	Excellent 	5
19766	Second home.	5
19767	Long lines	1
19768	It's McDonald's	3
19769	Its McDonald's	1
19770	It's McDonald's!	2
19771	just a McDonald's	3
19772	The usual McDonald's	3
19773	They always mess up orders or give you the wrong order.  Many times the orders or not like instructed. Not too happy with this place!	1
19774	"Very good, the attention is excellent and the food is fresh, without a doubt the best McDonald's in NJ"	5
19775	"A woman grocers, what a pity she is Latina, making Latinos look bad, she treated me very badly because I decided to change my order to a bigger one. He yelled at me that he couldn't change, but he did it as if I couldn't pay. Horrible people like that must stay at home, bitter and disrespectful."	1
19776	"Worse than before, it was bad now worse....new people, they don't attend, now less, you.pay and ask for the.machine, and then they die to dispatch you...horrible.customer.service, ma manager, yelling... at the employees... ufff"	1
19777	"It does not serve terrible customer service through the window, you have to speak English without knowing well, they are spoiled when they deliver things to you, they throw them at you, bad service, change the ones that do not know how to serve the public or they give you the wrong order or they keep telling you what they said"	1
19778	"I like it, good service. Super clean! The only thing that sometimes you have to check your order because they don't send you the other things well."	5
19779	"The service is terrible, I bought 5unday ice creams and 2 frappe and I asked the manager for a fork and they told me that they didn't have ice cream for me because I bought ice cream so they weren't going to help me later they told my family that they didn't have peanuts when They were at the counter, the attention was terrible and I work in a store and I do not recommend it"	1
19780	The worst macdonalds I know in the whole world is garbage.	1
19781	Very bad service people do not hurry I went and they attended me after 20 minutes they should put people who give good service	1
19782	I don't like it very much because whenever you order something they measure what it is not...	2
19783	They close 1 hour earlier than scheduled	1
19784	Very nice and big and complete excellent service blessings	5
19785	Your policy of only lending the bathroom if the customer makes a purchase is terrible.	1
19786	"It says it closes at 4:00 a.m. and at 1:20 a.m. the employees say it's closed, on the day they always deliver the wrong order, they never deliver what you ask for, worst restaurant I've ever been to"	1
19787	It's 6:47 p.m. day thursday From the 15th day of November. And the workers. Mushroom bald behind the kitchen. What a bad service. They have here. What lack of ethics. wn the workers	1
19788	I love all. I went for the first time and I will repeat it again very good service	5
19789	One asks for the orders and they send you what they want and they never give you kepchup or salt and you have to ask for the napkins       	1
19790	"They take too long, some employees are not very friendly, in terms of cleaning it is very good."	3
19791	Bad treatment of customers who are at the window	1
19792	"I saw a girl who works in the chips, blowing her nose over the chips.. no more mcdonalds snotty chips"	1
19793	"The menus are not very good and expensive, very different from those in France in terms of taste and cooking of food."	2
19794	The best coffee and good price $1 mmm I like it    	5
19795	Good attentions    	5
19796	Like all McDonald stores but very elegant and excellent staff.	5
19797	"Oh yes, they have trained staff. I like it"	5
19798	Good place for your breakfast meals I recommend it	4
19799	Bad service and you can't use the bathroom..	1
19800	They deliver orders fast	4
19801	"Good place for fast food, good service, recommended."	4
19802	Everything was damaged and I couldn't buy the ice cream I wanted	3
19803	"It is very good, since the food is delicious and the service very good"	5
19804	"He does not have good attention with the public, they are talking and talking and they do not attend, it seems that the public is invincible"	5
19805	It is a good place to have breakfast or to buy by car	5
19806	"My good food.
I love going with my son"	5
19807	The wait is long and the people are very angry	1
19808	Good to eat without having to wait long	3
19809	Very clean and fast	5
19810	It was very good!	4
19811	Very tasty burgers   	3
19812	I always get what I need for my home	4
19813	Very good offer of Mac chiken	5
19814	With opportunity for improvements in customer service	2
19815	This place is a mess there is always someone arguing	3
19816	very good    	5
19817	"Good deal, thanks girls for your attention!!!!"	5
19818	They don't serve well I don't like it	1
19819	Very good	5
19820	Very rich	5
19821	Very good	5
19822	Very good	5
19823	Good place for breakfast	1
19824	They leave you waiting.	2
19825	Good care and nice...	4
19826	orders take time	3
19827	Horrible line and service!	1
19828	It is a very nice place	4
19829	Bad service	1
19830	The employee was rude to me	1
19831	Good service	5
19832	They have a nice atmosphere.	5
19833	A place to eat something fast	3
19834	Rich combos good prices	5
19835	Well	5
19836	Hamburgers are enjoyed!	4
19837	Slow and poor hygiene.	1
19838	Good service	4
19839	worst customer service	1
19840	"Modern, spacious and functional"	5
19841	good   	5
19842	The lousy attention	1
19843	Tasty piece in cleaning	5
19844	Quite good	3
19845	I like it   	5
19846	Very kind	5
19847	Appalling.	1
19848	I like ice cream	4
19849	I love their potatoes	5
19850	Good service	5
19851	Good place	4
19852	Neutral	3
19853	Excellent 	5
19854	Excellent 	5
19855	The best	3
19856	Excellent 	5
19857	Good 	4
19858	Neutral	3
19859	Disappointed   	3
19860	Good 	4
19861	Excellent 	5
19862	Good 	4
19863	Neutral	3
19864	Excellent 	5
19865	Good 	4
19866	"The waiting time was excessive, and when my food arrived, it was completely wrong."	1
19867	Poor 	2
19868	Excellent 	5
19869	Good 	4
19870	Excellent 	5
19871	Excellent 	5
19872	Excellent 	5
19873	Excellent 	5
19874	Excellent!	5
19875	Excellent 	5
19876	Excellent 	5
19877	Excellent 	5
19878	Well	5
19879	                	5
19880	Excellent 	5
19881	Excellent 	5
19882	Well	4
19883	Unique flavor	5
19884	Hello good	5
19885	Excellent 	5
19886	Excellent 	5
19887	rich and cheap	4
19888	Excellent 	5
19889	Excellent 	5
19890	Excellent 	5
19891	        	4
19892	velo place	5
19893	The best    	5
19894	Excellent 	5
19895	Excellent 	5
19896	Excellent 	5
19897	Excellent 	5
19898	Excellent 	5
19899	Excellent 	5
19900	Excellent 	5
19901	Terrible	1
19902	Excellent 	5
19903	Ha	5
19904	Excellent 	5
19905	Excellent 	5
19906	Excellent 	5
19907	Excellent 	5
19908	Excellent 	5
19909	Good 	4
19910	Excellent 	5
19911	Good 	4
19912	Excellent 	5
19913	Excellent 	5
19914	Good 	4
19915	Neutral	3
19916	Neutral	3
19917	Neutral	3
19918	Excellent 	5
19919	Neutral	3
19920	Good 	4
19921	Good 	4
19922	Good 	4
19923	Excellent 	5
19924	Good 	4
19925	Good 	4
19926	Excellent 	5
19927	Excellent 	5
19928	Excellent 	5
19929	Good 	4
19930	Neutral	3
19931	Neutral	3
19932	Poor 	2
19933	Excellent 	5
19934	Terrible	1
19935	Good 	4
19936	okbutnohotfries!	3
19937	Neutral	3
19938	Excellent 	5
19939	Excellent 	5
19940	Good 	4
19941	Good 	4
19942	Good 	4
19943	Good 	4
19944	Good 	4
19945	Excellent 	5
19946	Neutral	3
19947	Good 	4
19948	Excellent 	5
19949	Neutral	3
19950	Excellent 	5
19951	Excellent 	5
19952	Good 	4
19953	Excellent 	5
19954	Good 	4
19955	Good 	4
19956	Excellent 	5
19957	Terrible	1
19958	Neutral	3
19959	Neutral	3
19960	Excellent 	5
19961	Neutral	3
19962	Good 	4
19963	Excellent 	5
19964	Good 	4
19965	"The milkshake was melted and watered down, and the staff seemed annoyed when I asked for a refund."	1
19966	Excellent 	5
19967	Excellent 	5
19968	Excellent 	5
19969	Excellent 	5
19970	Terrible	1
19971	Excellent 	5
19972	Good 	4
19973	Excellent 	5
19974	Excellent 	5
19975	Excellent 	5
19976	Excellent 	5
19977	Excellent 	5
19978	Neutral	3
19979	Good 	4
19980	Excellent 	5
19981	Poor 	2
19982	Good 	4
19983	Terrible	1
19984	Terrible	1
19985	Excellent 	5
19986	Good 	4
19987	Excellent 	5
19988	Excellent 	5
19989	Poor 	2
19990	Good 	4
19991	Excellent 	5
19992	Excellent 	5
19993	Excellent 	5
19994	"The food was cold and seemed like it had been sitting out for a long time, and the staff was indifferent to my complaint."	1
19995	Excellent 	5
19996	Excellent 	5
19997	Terrible	1
19998	Neutral	3
19999	Good 	4
20000	Neutral	3
